
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.515743                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                515743254000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1015743798000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 218329                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   218329                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               37533938                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2340792                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13740.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000008                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       114368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     70693184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           70807552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       114368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        114368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     21818048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        21818048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1787                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1104581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1106368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        340907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             340907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       221754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    137070497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             137292250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       221754                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           221754                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        42304088                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             42304088                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        42304088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       221754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    137070497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            179596338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1106368                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     340907                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1106368                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   340907                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   70807552                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                21818048                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             70807552                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             21818048                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    125                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               69635                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               69890                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               69595                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               69530                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               69804                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               69681                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               69485                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               69231                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               68985                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               68922                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              68544                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              67890                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              68215                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              68810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              69251                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              68775                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               21516                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               21404                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               21443                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               21417                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               21206                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               21486                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               21763                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               21566                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               21482                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               21381                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              21087                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              20429                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              20751                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              21196                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              21389                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              21391                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  515741941500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1106368                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               340907                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  872413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  128889                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   84253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   20671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   13199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   14787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   14817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   14820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   14822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   14822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   14822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   14822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   14822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   14822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  14822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  14822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  14822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  14822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  14822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  14822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  14822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  14822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  14822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  14822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  14822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  14822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  14822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       210676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    439.600068                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   152.805081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1169.869387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       108363     51.44%     51.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        29782     14.14%     65.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        12960      6.15%     71.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         7675      3.64%     75.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         5747      2.73%     78.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         5122      2.43%     80.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         3903      1.85%     82.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         3069      1.46%     83.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         2250      1.07%     84.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         2033      0.96%     85.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         1806      0.86%     86.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         2054      0.97%     87.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         2003      0.95%     88.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1667      0.79%     89.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1280      0.61%     90.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1170      0.56%     90.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1041      0.49%     91.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          958      0.45%     91.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         1142      0.54%     92.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         1926      0.91%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         1842      0.87%     93.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1055      0.50%     94.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         2059      0.98%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         1012      0.48%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          401      0.19%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          338      0.16%     96.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          215      0.10%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          240      0.11%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          150      0.07%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          155      0.07%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          140      0.07%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          199      0.09%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          109      0.05%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177          103      0.05%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241          103      0.05%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          153      0.07%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           90      0.04%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           66      0.03%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          214      0.10%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           78      0.04%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           60      0.03%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           54      0.03%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           56      0.03%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           56      0.03%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           53      0.03%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           59      0.03%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           50      0.02%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           37      0.02%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           48      0.02%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           44      0.02%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           46      0.02%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          368      0.17%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          410      0.19%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           31      0.01%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           22      0.01%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           33      0.02%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           25      0.01%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           25      0.01%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           22      0.01%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           32      0.02%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           49      0.02%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           47      0.02%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           19      0.01%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           25      0.01%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           28      0.01%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           22      0.01%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           20      0.01%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           10      0.00%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           17      0.01%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           17      0.01%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            9      0.00%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           16      0.01%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           16      0.01%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           13      0.01%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801           16      0.01%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           17      0.01%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929           10      0.00%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           15      0.01%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           11      0.01%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           14      0.01%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           13      0.01%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           15      0.01%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313           12      0.01%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           12      0.01%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           16      0.01%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           17      0.01%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569           10      0.00%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           10      0.00%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697           13      0.01%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761           13      0.01%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825           11      0.01%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           13      0.01%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953           16      0.01%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           11      0.01%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           13      0.01%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           14      0.01%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           13      0.01%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           18      0.01%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337           23      0.01%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           15      0.01%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465           15      0.01%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529           10      0.00%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           13      0.01%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            9      0.00%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           13      0.01%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            5      0.00%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849           10      0.00%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913           14      0.01%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            9      0.00%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            7      0.00%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            7      0.00%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            7      0.00%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            7      0.00%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            6      0.00%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            6      0.00%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           11      0.01%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489           10      0.00%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            8      0.00%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.00%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           19      0.01%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            8      0.00%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            7      0.00%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            6      0.00%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           10      0.00%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            7      0.00%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            6      0.00%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           12      0.01%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         3560      1.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       210676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   7781157500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             28639552500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5531215000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               15327180000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7033.86                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  13855.17                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25889.02                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       137.29                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        42.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               137.29                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                42.30                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.06                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.66                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   997255                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  239218                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                70.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     356353.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    179596338                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              923366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             923366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            340907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            183002                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           183002                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2553643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2553643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     92625600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            92625600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               92625600                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          2087265500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5249737750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       336904943                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    250655419                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      8400828                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    227509071                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       203476167                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.436507                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        20944898                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        31916                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            411310967                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1036908                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        412347875                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           219846373                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            132649                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       219979022                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            631157340                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1169557                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        632326897                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           299793322                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses             59873                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    2                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       299853195                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  925                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1031486508                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    304516825                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2329297355                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           336904943                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    224421065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             448994443                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33514764                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      233350235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          528                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       432587                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          236                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         299793322                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       3238960                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1012199042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.301225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.124593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        563204599     55.64%     55.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         53618454      5.30%     60.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         55854167      5.52%     66.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         31224124      3.08%     69.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         54801483      5.41%     74.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         30619588      3.03%     77.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         26613792      2.63%     80.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         31791109      3.14%     83.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        164471726     16.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1012199042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.326621                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.258195                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        332513447                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     211126476                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         418803963                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      25700426                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       24054729                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     60294421                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        849532                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2299645129                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       2121578                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       24054729                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        352192286                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        52357233                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     77995861                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         425163349                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      80435583                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2275085241                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         30951                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       27706061                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      35521129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1667212646                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3027335035                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2600797138                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    426537897                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1508517903                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        158694708                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      5268957                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       833768                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         178968331                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    420829435                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    224992318                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     12123685                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4591248                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2158859173                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1640345                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2098316595                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       376086                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    158087668                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    106564121                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        10272                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1012199042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.073028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.796567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    253382762     25.03%     25.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    189805861     18.75%     43.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    189849834     18.76%     62.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    162669676     16.07%     78.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    107542099     10.62%     89.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     59335272      5.86%     95.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     34303953      3.39%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     14343116      1.42%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       966469      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1012199042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          791836      2.91%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         11839      0.04%      2.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp       1122506      4.12%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            90      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          317      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      7.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       11317916     41.57%     48.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      13983430     51.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       577903      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1282446923     61.12%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2380849      0.11%     61.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     61.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    104657398      4.99%     66.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp     25885497      1.23%     67.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     20124350      0.96%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     23437942      1.12%     69.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      2211206      0.11%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    415762423     19.81%     89.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    220832104     10.52%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2098316595                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.034265                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            27227934                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012976                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4749820403                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2040781945                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1837473871                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    486615846                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    277817463                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    240997108                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1880699068                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       244267558                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     29096738                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     34712209                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        53887                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12274                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     11292289                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       797043                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       159842                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       24054729                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        36757889                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2243825                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2230500919                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       729383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     420829435                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    224992318                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       821238                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         194318                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         99330                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        12274                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3975361                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      4348602                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      8323963                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2089389205                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     412348594                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8927387                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              70001401                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            632327946                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        309928182                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          219979352                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.025610                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2080997941                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2078470979                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1282981218                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1718567033                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.015025                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.746541                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    161693391                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1630073                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7551369                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    988144313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.091091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.621778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    352824160     35.71%     35.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    241879527     24.48%     60.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    129170908     13.07%     73.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     42502065      4.30%     77.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     52791300      5.34%     82.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     23725643      2.40%     85.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     18263152      1.85%     87.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     16700988      1.69%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    110286570     11.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    988144313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2066299341                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2066299341                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              599817240                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             386117214                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              814574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          296498206                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          233657461                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1809134879                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     19334804                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     110286570                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3104782200                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4480071418                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  257752                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                19287466                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000007                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.515743                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.515743                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.938949                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.938949                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2551847456                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1365684174                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         316024211                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        204364778                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        80785701                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        1918082                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              3745                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               280                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.114288                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008545                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                  681929786                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                   70908288                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         180609.052560                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         99814.299999                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          280423.352560                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                  11                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                  11                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 61993616.909091                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2      6446208                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.905812                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.094188                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            1645.709542                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1         3080                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2         3080                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1         3405                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1         22383                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2          27185                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       331580                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       330183                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1   309.545455                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1081483                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 29661.017133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      413210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1111465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.371771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    16749.190196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   105.897658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 12500.358353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        305.570926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.511145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.003232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.381481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.009325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.905182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       126175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  126387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           451054                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                451054                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        60385                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 60385                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        186560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   186772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          212                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       186560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  186772                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       921579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                923366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       183002                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              183002                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1104581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1106368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1787                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1104581                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1106368                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120669250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53745052750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53865722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11828462750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   11828462750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120669250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  65573515500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      65694184750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120669250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  65573515500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     65694184750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1047754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1049753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       451054                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            451054                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       243387                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            243387                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1291141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1293140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1291141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1293140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.893947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.879576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.879603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.751897                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.751897                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.893947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.855508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.855567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.893947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.855508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.855567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67526.161164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58318.443400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58336.263194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64635.702069                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64635.702069                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67526.161164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59365.058334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59378.240106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67526.161164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59365.058334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59378.240106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               340907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    340907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       921579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           923366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       183002                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         183002                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1104581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1106368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1104581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1106368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    100139750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43155023250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43255163000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9726810250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9726810250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    100139750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52881833500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52981973250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    100139750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52881833500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52981973250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.893947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.879576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.879603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.751897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.893947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.855508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.855567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.893947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.855508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.855567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56037.912703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46827.264130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46845.089596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53151.387690                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53151.387690                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56037.912703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47875.016409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47888.201078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56037.912703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47875.016409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47888.201078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   216441834                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1049753                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1049753                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           451054                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           243387                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          243387                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3033336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3037334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       127936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    111500480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          111628416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             111628416                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1323151000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           3434500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2207097500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2031487594                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 7815611.684493                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  7815611.684493                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              1899                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           993.276696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1296609389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          443740.379535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   485.112500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   508.164196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.473743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.496254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    299790702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       299790702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    299790702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        299790702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    299790702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       299790702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161985748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161985748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161985748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161985748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161985748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161985748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    299793315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    299793315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    299793315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    299793315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    299793315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    299793315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61992.249522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61992.249522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61992.249522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61992.249522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61992.249522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61992.249522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1021                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                30                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    34.033333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          614                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          614                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123109998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123109998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123109998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123109998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123109998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123109998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61585.791896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61585.791896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61585.791896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61585.791896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61585.791896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61585.791896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           64                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            2                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.062500                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.001953                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1          967480034                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2           66929911                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 12254911.630679                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 756666.000545                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  13011577.631223                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          301                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          301                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 3214219.382060                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 222358.508306                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.935297                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.064703                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      60.016515                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1          602                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2          602                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1         2954                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1        15708                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        18662                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       288960                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       288960                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1     9.813953                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1286933                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           961.477443                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           921455370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1287893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            715.475098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   920.018834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    41.458608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.898456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.040487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.938943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    375963949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       375963949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    212011867                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      212011867                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       814723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       814723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    587975816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        587975816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    587975816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       587975816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4515413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       4515413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       873584                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       873584                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5388997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        5388997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5388997                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       5388997                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 229120464250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 229120464250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  45082363309                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  45082363309                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1065000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1065000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 274202827559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 274202827559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 274202827559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 274202827559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    380479362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    380479362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    212885451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    212885451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       814769                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       814769                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    593364813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    593364813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    593364813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    593364813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000056                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50741.862206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50741.862206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51606.214524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51606.214524                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23152.173913                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23152.173913                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50881.978142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50881.978142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50881.978142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50881.978142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3430820                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             56928                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    60.265950                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       451054                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            451054                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3467625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3467625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       630251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       630251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4097876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4097876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4097876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4097876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1047788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1047788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       243333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       243333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1291121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1291121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1291121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1291121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55084602250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55084602250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12205534885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12205534885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       290000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       290000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67290137135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  67290137135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67290137135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  67290137135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001143                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001143                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52572.278218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52572.278218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50159.801116                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50159.801116                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        14500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52117.607207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52117.607207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52117.607207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52117.607207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
