
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.840028                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                840027638500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1340080143500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 336077                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   336077                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               94104756                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2206684                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  8926.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        72896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1042319232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1042392128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        72896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         72896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    330127680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       330127680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     16286238                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            16287377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       5158245                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            5158245                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        86778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1240815402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1240902180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        86778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            86778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       392996212                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            392996212                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       392996212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        86778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1240815402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1633898392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    16287377                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    5158245                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  16287377                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  5158245                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1042392128                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               330127680                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1042392128                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            330127680                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    507                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1038119                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1036455                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1028875                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1024351                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1016574                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1007847                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1003159                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1002676                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1000316                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1002043                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1007174                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1016928                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1019472                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1026117                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1025483                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1031281                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              326684                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              325204                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              323903                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              325277                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              324686                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              321402                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              320579                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              321089                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              319406                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              320011                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             319088                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             322959                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             320808                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             322585                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             320569                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             323995                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  840027457500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              16287377                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              5158245                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 7149673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 4967718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 3107210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                 1062231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  194621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  223422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  224236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  224271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  224272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  224272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  224272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  224272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  224272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  224272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 224272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 224272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 224271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 224271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 224271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 224271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 224271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 224271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 224271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 224271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 224271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 224271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 224271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  29651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5047155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    271.928587                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   117.036221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   675.206647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65      3521771     69.78%     69.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       260875      5.17%     74.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193       137359      2.72%     77.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257       101868      2.02%     79.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        86776      1.72%     81.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        78937      1.56%     82.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        67305      1.33%     84.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        75495      1.50%     85.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        44799      0.89%     86.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        40650      0.81%     87.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        84505      1.67%     89.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        80464      1.59%     90.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        26004      0.52%     91.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        21394      0.42%     91.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        73815      1.46%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025       154179      3.05%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         6578      0.13%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         6078      0.12%     96.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         5753      0.11%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         7012      0.14%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         5673      0.11%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         8405      0.17%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        84974      1.68%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         2981      0.06%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         1051      0.02%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          871      0.02%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          797      0.02%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          683      0.01%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          695      0.01%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          674      0.01%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         4844      0.10%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         1158      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          597      0.01%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177          576      0.01%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241          664      0.01%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          677      0.01%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369          756      0.01%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433          768      0.02%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          838      0.02%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561         2201      0.04%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625         2111      0.04%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          607      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          529      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          593      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          775      0.02%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          708      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          617      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          576      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          421      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          574      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          423      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          390      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          387      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          411      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          524      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          426      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          400      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          436      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          392      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          363      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          383      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          314      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          433      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          561      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          443      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225          384      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          345      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          391      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          361      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          276      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          245      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          194      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          180      0.00%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          198      0.00%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          197      0.00%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          191      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          177      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          189      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          314      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          177      0.00%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          477      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          382      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          179      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          193      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          274      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          234      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          146      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          168      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          177      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          161      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          175      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          159      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          206      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          525      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          494      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          148      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          132      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273          151      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          199      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          231      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          300      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          182      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          200      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          206      0.00%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          200      0.00%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          212      0.00%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          238      0.00%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          238      0.00%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          271      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          526      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          267      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          217      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          170      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          139      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          123      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           95      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          134      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          143      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          131      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          147      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          140      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          148      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          136      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          146      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          165      0.00%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065          105      0.00%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129          100      0.00%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        18108      0.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8384-8385            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8704-8705            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8768-8769            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8832-8833            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8896-8897            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8960-8961            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9088-9089            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9216-9217            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9280-9281            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9344-9345            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9408-9409            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9664-9665            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5047155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 216402109500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            632213703250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                81434350000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              334377243750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13286.91                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  20530.48                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38817.39                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1240.90                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       393.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1240.90                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               393.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        12.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.75                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.60                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 12090828                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 4307120                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 74.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      39170.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1633898392                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            12281124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           12281124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           5158245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4006253                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4006253                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     37732999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               37732999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1372519808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1372519808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1372519808                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         31355791000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        77184037750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        70890459                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     70525763                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       505048                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     70229653                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        69968049                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.627502                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS            1306                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           76                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            694228802                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1121372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        695350174                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           107411166                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            159881                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       107571047                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            801639968                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1281253                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        802921221                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           216573983                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               119                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       216574102                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1680056066                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226140690                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2450098122                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            70890459                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     69969355                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             354550263                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        49010140                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      742467664                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           76                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2211                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           87                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         216573983                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       5482551                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1355892696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.807000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.214843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1001342433     73.85%     73.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         12077188      0.89%     74.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         13780151      1.02%     75.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          8305221      0.61%     76.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         32407014      2.39%     78.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          8128462      0.60%     79.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          9853520      0.73%     80.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3836173      0.28%     80.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        266162534     19.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1355892696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.042195                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.458343                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        302635738                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     676722119                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         283703917                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      60099800                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       32731121                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       358654                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           596                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2378738759                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          2156                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       32731121                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        337823492                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       482334426                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        54947                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         301774232                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     201174477                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2305908194                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       4441756                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       13844430                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     167250514                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2110630915                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3623064797                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2358338967                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   1264725830                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1834106852                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        276524023                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1004                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          793                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         499381794                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    717238368                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    120781892                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13671407                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     11589277                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2203041008                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1483                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2120584876                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7420076                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    203029879                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    223841901                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          234                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1355892696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.563977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.770788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    589806546     43.50%     43.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    184591759     13.61%     57.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    192095044     14.17%     71.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    157690007     11.63%     82.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    128576479      9.48%     92.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     65789478      4.85%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     26548922      1.96%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10169518      0.75%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       624943      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1355892696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            7473      0.01%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult        5073671      6.57%      6.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      6.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        756864      0.98%      7.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      7.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      7.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     36507135     47.26%     54.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv      15766129     20.41%     75.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt      7970939     10.32%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       10705420     13.86%     99.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        455246      0.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            2      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     774927157     36.54%     36.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    210682358      9.94%     46.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     46.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    153030179      7.22%     53.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            8      0.00%     53.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        21694      0.00%     53.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    146472272      6.91%     60.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     14806221      0.70%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt      1598156      0.08%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    711435583     33.55%     94.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    107611246      5.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2120584876                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.262211                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            77242877                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.036425                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4252308747                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1545080664                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1403659600                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   1429416650                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    860994320                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    635247551                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1451782797                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       746044954                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9768898                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     78762960                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4798                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2667                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     13817164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     48238922                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       32731121                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       303585500                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       9809807                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2203836972                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      5612627                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     717238368                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    120781892                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          785                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3281701                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       1025420                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         2667                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       506113                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6410                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       512523                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2089762769                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     695350184                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     30822103                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                794481                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            802921234                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         60722924                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          107571050                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.243865                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2040480442                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2038907151                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1395623469                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1597914066                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.213595                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.873403                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    198546683                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1249                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       504464                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1323161575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.512082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.757230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    896618823     67.76%     67.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    112077350      8.47%     76.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     33094057      2.50%     78.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     37817111      2.86%     81.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     26664570      2.02%     83.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     23302657      1.76%     85.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     21807150      1.65%     87.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     19240882      1.45%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    152538975     11.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1323161575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2000729236                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2000729236                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              745440126                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             638475399                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           58929385                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          630740034                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1689204795                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls          970                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     152538975                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3366229646                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4431287484                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 4517115                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               324163370                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.840028                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.840028                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.190436                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.190436                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2558672364                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1314262022                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         702634077                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        556804353                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads            1435                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           1249                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 2                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 2                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.000061                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.000061                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                 1396819592                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  274293518                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         3603151.166688                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         755963.999971                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          4359115.166660                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 183                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 183                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 7632893.945355                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 1498871.683060                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.835862                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.164138                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg             305.633147                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1          366                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2          366                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1      5996178                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2      5996178                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  16283839                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32496.967351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7970816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  16316404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.488515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6716.569303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     1.839358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 25707.928146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         70.630544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.204973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.784544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.002155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.991729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4565989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 4565995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          7279187                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               7279187                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1226001                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1226001                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       5791990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  5791996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5791990                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 5791996                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12279985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              12281124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4006253                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4006253                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     16286238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16287377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1139                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     16286238                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16287377                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78021250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 926028846000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    926106867250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 300573806500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  300573806500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78021250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1226602652500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1226680673750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78021250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1226602652500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1226680673750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16845974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            16847119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7279187                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           7279187                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5232254                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           5232254                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22078228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             22079373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22078228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            22079373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.728975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.765684                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.765684                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.737661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.737674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.737661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.737674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68499.780509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75409.607259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75408.966415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75026.166969                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75026.166969                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68499.780509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75315.284751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75314.808133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68499.780509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75315.284751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75314.808133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              5158245                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   5158245                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12279985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         12281124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4006253                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4006253                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16286238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          16287377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16286238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         16287377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64939750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 785053216000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 785118155750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 254619688500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 254619688500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64939750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1039672904500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1039737844250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64939750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1039672904500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1039737844250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.728975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.765684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.765684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.737661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.737674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.737661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.737674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57014.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63929.493073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63928.851769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63555.568882                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63555.568882                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57014.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63837.511431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63837.034303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57014.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63837.511431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63837.034303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2236769070                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           16847119                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          16847119                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          7279187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          5232254                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         5232254                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     51435643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              51437933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        73280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1878874560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1878947840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1878947840                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        21958467000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1993750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       37006090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2680160286                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 5457664.377777                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  5457664.377777                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      53.224000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              1145                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           783825131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2169                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          361376.270632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   427.609224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   596.390776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.417587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.582413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    216572255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       216572255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    216572255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        216572255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    216572255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       216572255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115380997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115380997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115380997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    115380997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115380997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    115380997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    216573983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    216573983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    216573983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    216573983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    216573983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    216573983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66771.410301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66771.410301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66771.410301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66771.410301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66771.410301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66771.410301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          835                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    64.230769                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          583                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          583                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79211497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79211497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79211497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79211497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79211497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79211497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69180.346725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69180.346725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69180.346725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69180.346725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69180.346725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69180.346725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           40                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.039062                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         1470363742                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          207762275                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 13615274.241319                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 1243199.998408                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  14858474.239726                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          373                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          373                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 3941993.946381                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 557003.418231                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.876194                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.123806                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg       9.844142                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1         5248                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1         9672                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        14920                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       367032                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       367032                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1    14.069705                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          22063663                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           988.620364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           680155398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          22064647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             30.825574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   988.448450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.171915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.965282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.965450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    596583373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       596583373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     81681143                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       81681143                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    678264516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        678264516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    678264516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       678264516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     39835917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      39835917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     25282960                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     25282960                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     65118877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       65118877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     65118877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      65118877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2278338919500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2278338919500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1541015563187                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1541015563187                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1298750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1298750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3819354482687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3819354482687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3819354482687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3819354482687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    636419290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    636419290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    106964103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    106964103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          624                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    743383393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    743383393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    743383393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    743383393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.236369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.236369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024038                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024038                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.087598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.087598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57193.083305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57193.083305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60950.757474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60950.757474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86583.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86583.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58652.032385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58652.032385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58652.032385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58652.032385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    199303854                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           3609580                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    55.215248                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7279187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7279187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     22989957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     22989957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     20050707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     20050707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     43040664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     43040664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     43040664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     43040664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16845960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     16845960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5232253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      5232253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22078213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     22078213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22078213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     22078213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 967394395750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 967394395750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 312141390358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 312141390358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1261250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1261250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1279535786108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1279535786108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1279535786108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1279535786108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048916                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048916                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024038                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024038                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57425.898895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57425.898895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59657.166876                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59657.166876                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84083.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84083.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57954.680757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57954.680757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57954.680757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57954.680757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
