
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.127740                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1127740167000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1627799824500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 323584                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   323584                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              121639655                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2214916                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9271.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        66432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1487105472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1487171904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        66432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         66432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    348614016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       348614016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     23236023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            23237061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       5447094                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            5447094                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        58907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1318659666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1318718573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        58907                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            58907                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       309126185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            309126185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       309126185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        58907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1318659666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1627844759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    23237061                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    5447094                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  23237061                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  5447094                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1487171904                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               348614016                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1487171904                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            348614016                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    191                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1451544                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1449982                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1450238                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1450023                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1450364                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1458815                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1450200                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1456341                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1454726                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1462507                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1449677                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1449447                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1449566                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1454128                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1449847                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1449465                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              340753                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              340551                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              340766                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              340763                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              340801                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              340565                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              340557                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              340453                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              340183                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              340358                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             340174                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             340298                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             340234                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             340299                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             340014                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             340311                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1127740014500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              23237061                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              5447094                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                15195333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 6247305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 1693914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  100304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  216695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  236680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  236796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  236825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  236828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  236830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  236830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  236830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  236830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  236830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 236830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 236830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 236830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  20135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2144413                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    856.054113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   229.139993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1781.169548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65      1131664     52.77%     52.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        74795      3.49%     56.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        33755      1.57%     57.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        30999      1.45%     59.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        29453      1.37%     60.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        26871      1.25%     61.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        27283      1.27%     63.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        28102      1.31%     64.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        24262      1.13%     65.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        27463      1.28%     66.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        91571      4.27%     71.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        85628      3.99%     75.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        18032      0.84%     76.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        13301      0.62%     76.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        12613      0.59%     77.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025        22720      1.06%     78.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089        27791      1.30%     79.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         9725      0.45%     80.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         9375      0.44%     80.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         9241      0.43%     80.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         9871      0.46%     81.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409        17760      0.83%     82.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473       216420     10.09%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         6498      0.30%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          928      0.04%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          639      0.03%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          598      0.03%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          592      0.03%     92.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          648      0.03%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          724      0.03%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          630      0.03%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          545      0.03%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         1583      0.07%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         1206      0.06%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241          622      0.03%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          561      0.03%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369          625      0.03%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433          936      0.04%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         1660      0.08%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561          683      0.03%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625          634      0.03%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          552      0.03%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          613      0.03%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          483      0.02%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881         1193      0.06%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          741      0.03%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          679      0.03%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          540      0.03%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          614      0.03%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201         5067      0.24%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          869      0.04%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          823      0.04%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          911      0.04%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          767      0.04%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          813      0.04%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          800      0.04%     93.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          789      0.04%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          842      0.04%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          764      0.04%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          763      0.04%     94.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          840      0.04%     94.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          879      0.04%     94.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          788      0.04%     94.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          790      0.04%     94.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          778      0.04%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225         4320      0.20%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          577      0.03%     94.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          504      0.02%     94.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          419      0.02%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          422      0.02%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          410      0.02%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          424      0.02%     94.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          417      0.02%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          374      0.02%     94.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          436      0.02%     94.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          420      0.02%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          444      0.02%     94.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          601      0.03%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          432      0.02%     94.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          387      0.02%     94.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          423      0.02%     94.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          451      0.02%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          592      0.03%     94.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          418      0.02%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          455      0.02%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          407      0.02%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          364      0.02%     94.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          351      0.02%     94.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          374      0.02%     94.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          378      0.02%     94.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          382      0.02%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          340      0.02%     95.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          364      0.02%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          306      0.01%     95.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          317      0.01%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          317      0.01%     95.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          428      0.02%     95.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273         3794      0.18%     95.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          317      0.01%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          360      0.02%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          370      0.02%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          308      0.01%     95.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          323      0.02%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          398      0.02%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          606      0.03%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          593      0.03%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          397      0.02%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          423      0.02%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          404      0.02%     95.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          461      0.02%     95.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          452      0.02%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169         1093      0.05%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          663      0.03%     95.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          508      0.02%     95.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          493      0.02%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          389      0.02%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          173      0.01%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          183      0.01%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          173      0.01%     95.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          174      0.01%     95.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          169      0.01%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          186      0.01%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          151      0.01%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          146      0.01%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          142      0.01%     95.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065          127      0.01%     95.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129          115      0.01%     95.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        91363      4.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2144413                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 122957487000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            596201713250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               116184350000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              357059876250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      5291.48                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  15366.09                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25657.57                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1318.72                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       309.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1318.72                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               309.13                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        12.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.53                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       8.61                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 21531398                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 5008126                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      39315.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1627844759                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            18360688                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           18360688                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           5447094                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4876373                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4876373                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     51921216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               51921216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1835785920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1835785920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1835785920                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         36130453500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       110171308750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       108709725                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    108519720                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       413529                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    108542485                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       108111228                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.602684                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           25448                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         1243                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            401769858                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1546345                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        403316203                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           127865211                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            151379                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       128016590                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            529635069                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1697724                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        531332793                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           209857841                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               128                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       209857969                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               2255480351                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211177253                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2169174952                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           108709725                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    108136676                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             326319099                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        19722971                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     1522140379                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          126                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3403                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         209857841                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        607520                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2074305741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.045735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.517038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1747986642     84.27%     84.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          3710149      0.18%     84.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2822252      0.14%     84.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          3015622      0.15%     84.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         65456693      3.16%     87.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          6712972      0.32%     88.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          9895129      0.48%     88.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         81639229      3.94%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        153067053      7.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2074305741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048198                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.961735                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        286110935                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    1449299618                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         240122672                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      84111328                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       14661187                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       129166                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          4299                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2155271983                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          7977                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       14661187                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        317473802                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      1179390583                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        73621                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         286525014                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     276181533                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2129311393                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       1782634                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      119720048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     132490935                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1890744558                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3362878525                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1183585364                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   2179293161                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1772716650                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        118027877                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         4553                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          292                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         589798306                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    416983521                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    131532657                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     10347497                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4514319                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2098153886                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          468                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2052575613                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     17934338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     98144302                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     88593881                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2074305741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.989524                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.483557                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1209752849     58.32%     58.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    243770002     11.75%     70.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    329541048     15.89%     85.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    157811996      7.61%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     60947242      2.94%     96.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     26058868      1.26%     97.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     27148428      1.31%     99.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     14888813      0.72%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4386495      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2074305741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          133220      0.20%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        733839      1.10%      1.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      1.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      1.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     50592519     75.97%     77.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv       9481989     14.24%     91.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt         4325      0.01%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        2443066      3.67%     95.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3203987      4.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          104      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     763359322     37.19%     37.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7946      0.00%     37.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    307575547     14.98%     52.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp    104080136      5.07%     57.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     56252184      2.74%     59.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    270662384     13.19%     73.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     10689497      0.52%     73.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt      1845248      0.09%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    410071534     19.98%     93.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    128031711      6.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2052575613                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.910039                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            66592945                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.032444                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   3736628147                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    893567551                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    819146681                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   2527356102                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   1302735919                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1209170847                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      827108095                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      1292060359                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      5962106                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     27509170                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1746                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4817                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4134402                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          340                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8749758                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       14661187                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       964509840                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      23698059                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2098853621                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       694217                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     416983521                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    131532657                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          239                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       12023812                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         62873                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4817                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       404993                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8293                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       413286                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2039632240                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     403316331                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     12943372                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                699267                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            531333028                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        102234815                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          128016697                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.904301                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2030065716                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2028317528                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1379421051                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1824542743                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.899284                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.756037                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     94809883                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       409263                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2059644554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.971360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.233605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1575417532     76.49%     76.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    139498306      6.77%     83.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     72297409      3.51%     86.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     36509002      1.77%     88.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     35672175      1.73%     90.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     19890400      0.97%     91.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     10162554      0.49%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     57656215      2.80%     94.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    112540961      5.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2059644554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2000657347                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2000657347                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              516872596                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             389474341                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 224                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           99903228                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1203314597                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1309260779                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        18358                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     112540961                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4039570046                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4205601889                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 3172703                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               181174610                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000001                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.127740                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.127740                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.886729                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.886729                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1616732875                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       757578673                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1606901582                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1040710688                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads            4054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes            500                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 5                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 5                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.000153                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.000153                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 3255599645                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         4912495.740326                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          4912495.740326                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg             389.277000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  23237635                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32627.504691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4201030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  23270285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.180532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5026.401425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     1.274204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 27553.490144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         46.338917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.153394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.840866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.001414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3530390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 3532118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5527348                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5527348                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        65104                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 65104                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          1728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       3595494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  3597222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1728                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3595494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 3597222                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18359651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              18360689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4876373                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4876373                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     23236024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               23237062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     23236024                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              23237062                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66586750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1111446826500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1111513413250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 332591025500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  332591025500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66586750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1444037852000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1444104438750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66586750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1444037852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1444104438750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21890041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            21892807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5527348                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5527348                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4941477                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4941477                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26831518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             26834284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26831518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            26834284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.838722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.838663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986825                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.986825                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.865997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.865947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.865997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.865947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64149.084778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60537.470266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60537.674444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68204.590892                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68204.590892                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64149.084778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62146.512329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62146.601784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64149.084778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62146.512329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62146.601784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              5447094                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   5447094                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18359651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         18360689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4876373                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4876373                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23236024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          23237062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23236024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         23237062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54663250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 900591626500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 900646289750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 276641409500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 276641409500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54663250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1177233036000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1177287699250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54663250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1177233036000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1177287699250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.838722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.838663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.865997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.865947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.865997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.865947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 52662.090559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49052.763939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49052.967988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56730.978024                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56730.978024                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 52662.090559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50664.134105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50664.223354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 52662.090559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50664.134105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50664.223354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  1836543896                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           21892807                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          21892806                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5527348                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4941477                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4941476                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     59190382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              59195914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       177024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2070967296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         2071144320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            2071144320                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        21708164000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           4401500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       45842285000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         3255599649                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 5288417.548757                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  5288417.548757                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      53.224000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              2762                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.333991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           986286050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              3786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          260508.729530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      1456697698750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   171.541255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   849.792735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.167521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.829876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    209854560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       209854560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    209854560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        209854560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    209854560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       209854560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          3279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           3279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          3279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    104629250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104629250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    104629250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104629250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    104629250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104629250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    209857839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209857839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    209857839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    209857839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    209857839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    209857839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31908.889905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31908.889905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31908.889905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31908.889905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31908.889905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31908.889905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          455                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    56.875000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          513                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          513                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     77998500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77998500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     77998500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77998500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     77998500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77998500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28199.023861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28199.023861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28199.023861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28199.023861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28199.023861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28199.023861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           39                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.038086                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         3255599646                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 10811700.069376                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  10811700.069376                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      12.584000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          26831516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           408772202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          26832540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             15.234197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1017.085876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     6.914124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.993248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    286610064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       286610064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    103401297                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      103401297                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    390011361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        390011361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    390011361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       390011361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data    100834321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     100834321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     23996734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     23996734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    124831055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      124831055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    124831055                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     124831055                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 5295612941750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 5295612941750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1552597037046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1552597037046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        86250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        86250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 6848209978796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 6848209978796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 6848209978796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 6848209978796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    387444385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    387444385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    127398031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    127398031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    514842416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    514842416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    514842416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    514842416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.260255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.188360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.188360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.242465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.242465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.242465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.242465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52517.961040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52517.961040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64700.347849                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64700.347849                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        86250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        86250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54859.826177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54859.826177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54859.826177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54859.826177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     43210804                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           1739687                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.838263                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5527348                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5527348                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     78944280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     78944280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19055258                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     19055258                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     97999538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     97999538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     97999538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     97999538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21890041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     21890041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4941476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4941476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26831517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     26831517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26831517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     26831517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1151188981250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1151188981250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 338618620787                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 338618620787                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        83750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1489807602037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1489807602037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1489807602037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1489807602037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004464                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004464                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52589.621977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52589.621977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68525.805000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68525.805000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        83750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55524.538625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55524.538625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55524.538625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55524.538625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
