
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.838935                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                838934583500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1338987088500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 332635                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   332635                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               93019589                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2206648                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9018.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1042190272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1042264448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         74176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    330288256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       330288256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     16284223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            16285382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       5160754                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            5160754                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        88417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1242278352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1242366769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        88417                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            88417                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       393699655                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            393699655                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       393699655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        88417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1242278352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1636066424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    16285382                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    5160754                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  16285382                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  5160754                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1042264448                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               330288256                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1042264448                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            330288256                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    536                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1037854                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1036063                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1028844                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1024268                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1016487                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1007716                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1003106                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1002518                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1000282                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1002025                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1007170                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1016906                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1019475                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1025855                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1025380                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1030897                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              326816                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              325386                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              324026                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              325476                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              324843                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              321626                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              320765                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              321245                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              319527                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              320168                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             319223                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             323124                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             320914                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             322739                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             320684                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             324192                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  838934402500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              16285382                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              5160754                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 7146302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 4966841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 3108039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                 1063623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  194452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  223625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  224341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  224379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  29929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5044133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    272.097656                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   117.040544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   676.213312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65      3520642     69.80%     69.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       259511      5.14%     74.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193       137404      2.72%     77.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257       101404      2.01%     79.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        86531      1.72%     81.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        79772      1.58%     82.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        66737      1.32%     84.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        75161      1.49%     85.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        44358      0.88%     86.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        40802      0.81%     87.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        84973      1.68%     89.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        80527      1.60%     90.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        25660      0.51%     91.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        21359      0.42%     91.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        73853      1.46%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025       154693      3.07%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         6449      0.13%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         5942      0.12%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         5935      0.12%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         6950      0.14%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         5308      0.11%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         8737      0.17%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        85383      1.69%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         2927      0.06%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         1019      0.02%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          725      0.01%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          717      0.01%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          617      0.01%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          656      0.01%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          731      0.01%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         4845      0.10%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         1161      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          568      0.01%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177          632      0.01%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241          650      0.01%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          680      0.01%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369          709      0.01%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433          694      0.01%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          825      0.02%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561         2187      0.04%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625         2146      0.04%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          626      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          540      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          609      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          813      0.02%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          733      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          676      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          555      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          383      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          540      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          420      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          423      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          431      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          418      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          497      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          394      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          396      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          424      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          384      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          332      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          296      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          320      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          380      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          575      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          371      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225          357      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          308      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          336      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          380      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          255      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          211      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          216      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          200      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          218      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          192      0.00%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          188      0.00%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          209      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          239      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          278      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          179      0.00%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          527      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          416      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          195      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          229      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          256      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          263      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          158      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          206      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          209      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          162      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          166      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          175      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          174      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          509      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          466      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          142      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          124      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273          135      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          193      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          206      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          297      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          165      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          166      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          201      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          220      0.00%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          212      0.00%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          253      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          217      0.00%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          265      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          518      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          268      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          243      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          162      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          137      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          119      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          127      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          124      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          130      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          145      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          145      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          136      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          147      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          165      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          142      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          162      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065          131      0.00%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           99      0.00%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        18205      0.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8320-8321            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8384-8385            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8704-8705            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8768-8769            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8832-8833            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8896-8897            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8960-8961            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9024-9025            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9088-9089            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9344-9345            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9408-9409            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9472-9473            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9536-9537            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9664-9665            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9728-9729            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5044133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 216424150750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            632167764500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                81424230000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              334319383750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13289.91                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  20529.48                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38819.39                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1242.37                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       393.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1242.37                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               393.70                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        12.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.75                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.59                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 12089728                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 4311725                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 74.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      39118.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1636066424                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            12280061                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           12280061                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           5160754                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4005321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4005321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     37731518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               37731518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1372552704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1372552704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1372552704                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         31366084000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        77174886000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        70881059                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     70516464                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       505691                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     70234890                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        69960284                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.609018                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS            1328                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           83                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            694163003                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1120001                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        695283004                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           107409150                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            160101                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       107569251                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            801572153                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1280102                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        802852255                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           216470029                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               123                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       216470152                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1677869957                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226010531                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2449203303                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            70881059                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     69961612                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             354418511                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        48908647                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      741318372                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           77                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2272                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          125                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         216470029                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       5477585                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1354406956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.808322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.215643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        999988445     73.83%     73.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         12063368      0.89%     74.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         13781723      1.02%     75.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          8303848      0.61%     76.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         32393617      2.39%     78.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          8128255      0.60%     79.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          9851907      0.73%     80.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3828584      0.28%     80.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        266067209     19.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1354406956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.042245                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.459710                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        302364717                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     675691673                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         283655741                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      60038350                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       32656474                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       358626                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           606                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2378031517                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          2159                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       32656474                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        337499310                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       481696744                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        55814                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         301723592                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     200775021                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2305289961                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       4450321                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       13831954                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     166882586                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2110078426                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3622130751                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2357841248                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   1264289503                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1834106852                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        275971534                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1165                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          953                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         498481748                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    717062876                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    120743870                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13650178                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     11589770                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2202596956                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1570                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2120420787                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7341835                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    202585516                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    223308114                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          321                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1354406956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.565571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.772179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    589059858     43.49%     43.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    184078483     13.59%     57.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    191866432     14.17%     71.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    157319631     11.62%     82.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    128636910      9.50%     92.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     65939870      4.87%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     26753942      1.98%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10134735      0.75%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       617095      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1354406956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            7417      0.01%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult        5076056      6.57%      6.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      6.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        756760      0.98%      7.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      7.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      7.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     36478095     47.23%     54.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv      15765536     20.41%     75.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt      7961147     10.31%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       10734604     13.90%     99.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        461433      0.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            2      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     774853830     36.54%     36.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    210679218      9.94%     46.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     46.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    153022027      7.22%     53.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            8      0.00%     53.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        21692      0.00%     53.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    146473991      6.91%     60.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     14806122      0.70%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt      1598155      0.08%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    711354653     33.55%     94.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    107611089      5.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2120420787                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.263758                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            77241048                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.036427                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4250566789                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1544611983                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1403600385                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   1429264620                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    860574636                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    635240345                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1451695827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       745966006                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9754318                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     78587468                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4999                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2630                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     13779142                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     48177553                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       32656474                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       303356132                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       9798444                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2203393411                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      5598339                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     717062876                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    120743870                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          872                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3281698                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       1025061                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         2630                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       507332                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6406                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       513738                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2089630495                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     695283014                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     30790288                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                794885                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            802852268                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         60718560                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          107569254                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.245407                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2040412247                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2038840730                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1396000905                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1598538045                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.215136                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.873299                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    198098707                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1249                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       505097                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1321750482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.513697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.757356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    894893117     67.71%     67.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    112170532      8.49%     76.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     33202102      2.51%     78.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     37989942      2.87%     81.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     26665841      2.02%     83.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     23322656      1.76%     85.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     21952485      1.66%     87.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     19237336      1.46%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    152316471     11.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1321750482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2000729236                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2000729236                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              745440126                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             638475399                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           58929385                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          630740034                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1689204795                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls          970                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     152316471                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3364593081                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4430316692                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 4511296                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               323463001                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.838935                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.838935                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.191987                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.191987                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2558514262                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1314209178                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         702620288                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        556797337                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads            1435                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           1249                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.000092                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.000092                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 2677974047                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         4375352.806141                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          4375352.806141                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg             389.277000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  16285453                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32487.431754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7504619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  16318009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.459898                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6714.070821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     1.864969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 25700.928656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         70.567309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.204897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.784330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.002154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.991438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4259211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 4259217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          7132050                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               7132050                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1146492                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1146492                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       5405703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  5405709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5405703                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 5405709                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12278902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              12280061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4005321                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4005321                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     16284223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16285382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     16284223                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16285382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78978500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 926030408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    926109386500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 300451959500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  300451959500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78978500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1226482367500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1226561346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78978500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1226482367500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1226561346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16538113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            16539278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7132050                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           7132050                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5151813                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           5151813                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21689926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             21691091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21689926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            21691091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.742461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.742479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.777459                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.777459                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.750774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.750787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.750774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.750787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68143.658326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75416.385602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75415.699197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75013.203561                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75013.203561                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68143.658326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75317.217622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75316.707094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68143.658326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75317.217622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75316.707094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              5160754                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   5160754                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12278902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         12280061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4005321                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4005321                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16284223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          16285382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16284223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         16285382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65665500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 785066514000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 785132179500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 254508630500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 254508630500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65665500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1039575144500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1039640810000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65665500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1039575144500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1039640810000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.742461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.742479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.777459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.750774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.750787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.750774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.750787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56657.031924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63936.214655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63935.527641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63542.630041                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63542.630041                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56657.031924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63839.407290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63838.896134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56657.031924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63839.407290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63838.896134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2198837740                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           16539278                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          16539278                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          7132050                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          5151813                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         5151813                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     50511902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              50514232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        74560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1844606464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1844681024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1844681024                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        21543620500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2029500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       36423892250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2677974176                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 5455044.736974                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  5455044.736974                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      53.224000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              1165                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           783721147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          358027.020101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   430.625354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   593.374646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.420533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.579467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    216468271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       216468271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    216468271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        216468271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    216468271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       216468271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    118053747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    118053747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    118053747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    118053747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    118053747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    118053747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    216470029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    216470029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    216470029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    216470029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    216470029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    216470029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67152.302048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67152.302048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67152.302048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67152.302048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67152.302048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67152.302048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          962                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          171                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    68.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          171                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     80187247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80187247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     80187247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80187247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     80187247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80187247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68830.254936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68830.254936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68830.254936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68830.254936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68830.254936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68830.254936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           50                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.048828                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         2677974177                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 15611219.932669                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  15611219.932669                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      12.584000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          21689926                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           680688855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          21690950                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             31.381238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1023.820603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.179397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    596963613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       596963613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     81832653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       81832653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    678796266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        678796266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    678796266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       678796266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     39462463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      39462463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     25131450                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     25131450                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     64593913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       64593913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     64593913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      64593913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2274447747250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2274447747250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1539226542553                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1539226542553                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1903250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1903250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3813674289803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3813674289803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3813674289803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3813674289803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    636426076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    636426076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    106964103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    106964103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          629                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    743390179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    743390179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    743390179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    743390179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.234952                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.234952                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031797                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.031797                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57635.727077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57635.727077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61247.024845                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61247.024845                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95162.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95162.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59040.768900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59040.768900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59040.768900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59040.768900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    199244896                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           3576180                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    55.714448                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7132050                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7132050                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     22924370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     22924370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19979637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     19979637                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     42904007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     42904007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     42904007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     42904007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16538093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     16538093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5151813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      5151813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21689906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21689906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21689906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21689906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 965210677000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 965210677000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 311430727733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 311430727733                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1854750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1854750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1276641404733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1276641404733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1276641404733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1276641404733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048164                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048164                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031797                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031797                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58362.876361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58362.876361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60450.704972                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60450.704972                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92737.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92737.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58858.779966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58858.779966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58858.779966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58858.779966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
