
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.273694                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1273694138000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1773741676500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 222211                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   222211                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               94342756                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2338940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13500.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000004                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        22080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1366422016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1366444096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        22080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    582320064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       582320064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     21350344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            21350689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       9098751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            9098751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        17335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1072802312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1072819647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        17335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            17335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       457189875                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            457189875                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       457189875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        17335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1072802312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1530009523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    21350689                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    9098751                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  21350689                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  9098751                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1366444096                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               582320064                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1366444096                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            582320064                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1334520                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1334450                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1337038                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1333226                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1333594                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1333316                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1334431                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1333168                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1333775                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1333392                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1335896                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1334890                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1334528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1335860                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1333924                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1334681                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              568499                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              568466                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              568457                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              568604                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              568832                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              568946                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              569216                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              568907                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              569056                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              568819                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             568745                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             568535                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             568403                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             568543                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             568243                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             568480                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1273693985000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              21350689                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              9098751                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 7011408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 6560042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 5146515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                 2632707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  316385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  391543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  395596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  79213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   4055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples     14431588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    135.028826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.297221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   389.667350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65     10636571     73.70%     73.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       513141      3.56%     77.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193      1775485     12.30%     89.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257       851509      5.90%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321       165430      1.15%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        88333      0.61%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        42001      0.29%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        21454      0.15%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        46645      0.32%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        82652      0.57%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        51645      0.36%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        60335      0.42%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         5683      0.04%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1652      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1564      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1133      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          947      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         1396      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         6039      0.04%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         2240      0.02%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         1484      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1612      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        13583      0.09%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          977      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         1662      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         1752      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          304      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          187      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          259      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          268      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          212      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          172      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          179      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         4023      0.03%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241          138      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          100      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369          358      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433          158      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          132      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561          161      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625          262      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          238      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          146      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          201      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          174      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          179      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          162      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073         2548      0.02%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          125      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          152      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          149      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          214      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393         6487      0.04%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          129      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          124      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          122      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          109      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          227      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          128      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           59      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          206      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           59      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           40      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           56      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           79      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           86      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           89      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           73      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           83      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           63      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           64      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          153      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           81      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          121      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801           90      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          197      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          350      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          143      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           63      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           61      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           81      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249         1260      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          650      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          577      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           60      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           62      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569           66      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           71      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697           76      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761         4459      0.03%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          244      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           25      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953           28      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           66      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           15      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           23      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           37      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           45      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337           42      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           45      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465           65      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529           57      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           75      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657           37      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           41      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           44      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849           49      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          345      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977         1487      0.01%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041         5278      0.04%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105           43      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           33      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233           16      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          252      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           44      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           25      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489           28      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           25      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617           33      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           23      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           22      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           30      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           12      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           56      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            5      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            8      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129          102      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        17753      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total     14431588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 481057066250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            1200085925000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               106753445000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              612275413750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22531.22                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  28677.08                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                56208.30                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1072.82                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       457.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1072.82                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               457.19                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        11.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.94                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.54                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  9384181                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 6633651                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 43.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                72.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      41829.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1530009523                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            12279327                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           12279327                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           9098751                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           9071362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          9071362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     51800129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               51800129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1948764160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1948764160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1948764160                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         51619724000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       101220289500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        51061161                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     37439337                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       133998                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     38513379                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        31731739                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     82.391470                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         5446027                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           15                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            665998702                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             363727                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        666362429                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           169701916                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            333712                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       170035628                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            835700618                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             697439                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        836398057                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           298960134                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                63                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       298960197                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   17                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               2547427715                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    332794203                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3457810603                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            51061161                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     37177766                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             479893692                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       139937927                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     1357885100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          119                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1092                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           60                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         298960134                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      13408578                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2263223919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.527825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.069046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1783330227     78.80%     78.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         12420082      0.55%     79.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         19555396      0.86%     80.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         11630721      0.51%     80.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         14848059      0.66%     81.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         12521771      0.55%     81.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6495578      0.29%     82.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          8963673      0.40%     82.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        393458412     17.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2263223919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.020044                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.357373                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        468388929                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    1257066753                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         386935180                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      58183537                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       92649519                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      8172236                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           138                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3183098957                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           522                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       92649519                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        540607655                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       674374640                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    176965945                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         365279262                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     413346897                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2970481329                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       6326949                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      146489215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     244818716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2717386535                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4527685773                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1213421238                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   3314264535                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1784004519                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        933382001                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts     10399777                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts           70                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         952820142                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    725357995                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    179193912                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6096700                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2028123                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2544711063                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           99                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2281398137                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     41445060                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    544687925                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    669315344                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           38                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2263223919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.008030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.416865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1202914490     53.15%     53.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    457005415     20.19%     73.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    272121763     12.02%     85.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    159513069      7.05%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     90238379      3.99%     96.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     53819256      2.38%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     22797634      1.01%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3736915      0.17%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1076998      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2263223919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          106363      0.01%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult          11601      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          2227      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp         30182      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            40      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult   1002482926     49.37%     49.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv    1014542181     49.96%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       10725611      0.53%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       2841990      0.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      5197188      0.23%      0.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     600064460     26.30%     26.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2859951      0.13%     26.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     26.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    339676566     14.89%     41.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      7841804      0.34%     41.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     13874532      0.61%     42.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    240084905     10.52%     53.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv    198759213      8.71%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    702537668     30.79%     92.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    170501850      7.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2281398137                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.895569                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt          2030743121                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.890131                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4026312897                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1022027100                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    831496188                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   4871895477                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   2067378568                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1254737228                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      874851425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      3432092645                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21573049                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    200137483                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       206790                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6585                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     10717100                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked    140904514                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       92649519                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       205933378                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      18571913                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2556479659                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      8633965                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     725357995                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    179193912                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           65                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       10592258                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        657999                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         6585                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        90682                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        43325                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       134007                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2221674080                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     666362429                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     59724057                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              11768497                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            836398057                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         48122752                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          170035628                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.872124                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2086976707                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2086233416                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1155054818                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1301923772                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.818957                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.887191                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    543071375                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           61                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       133864                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2170574400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.926819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.144914                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1630342852     75.11%     75.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    177219012      8.16%     83.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    100490490      4.63%     87.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     48522346      2.24%     90.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     28113426      1.30%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     20969091      0.97%     92.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     18031948      0.83%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     12610431      0.58%     93.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    134274804      6.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2170574400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2011729326                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2011729326                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              693697322                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             525220512                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  22                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           47766021                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1241535561                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1225659477                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      5444556                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     134274804                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4588713601                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5202251281                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 3773485                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               284203796                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000003                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.273714                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.273714                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.785106                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.785106                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1626559249                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       728142257                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1633529715                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1137983522                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        49120903                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2598638                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 3547483334                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         26102676.543739                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          26102676.543739                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            5037.425790                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  21350722                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32509.580320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    76755951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  21383461                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.589501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14295.718232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.549910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 18204.392400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          8.919778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.436271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.555554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.992114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     36188611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                36188611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         49637119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total              49637119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     40363014                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              40363014                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      76551625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 76551625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     76551625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                76551625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12278982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              12279327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9071362                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             9071362                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     21350344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               21350689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     21350344                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              21350689                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24762750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1116259953000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1116284715750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 800559639250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  800559639250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24762750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1916819592250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1916844355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24762750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1916819592250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1916844355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48467593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            48467938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     49637119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          49637119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49434376                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          49434376                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     97901969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             97902314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     97901969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            97902314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.253344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.253349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.183503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.183503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.218079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.218082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.218079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.218082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71776.086957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90908.183838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90907.646303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88251.316533                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88251.316533                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71776.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89779.330593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89779.039683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71776.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89779.330593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89779.039683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              9098751                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   9098751                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12278982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         12279327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9071362                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        9071362                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21350344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          21350689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21350344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         21350689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     20803250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 975265358000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 975286161250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 696416236750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 696416236750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     20803250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1671681594750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1671702398000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     20803250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1671681594750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1671702398000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.253344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.253349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.183503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.183503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.218079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.218082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.218079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.218082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60299.275362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79425.587398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79425.050025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76770.857204                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76770.857204                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60299.275362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78297.642171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78297.351341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60299.275362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78297.642171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78297.351341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  7413493892                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           48467938                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          48467938                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         49637119                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         49434376                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        49434376                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    245441057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             245441747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        22080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   9442501632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         9442523712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            9442523712                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       123406835500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              9.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            599750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      151820522500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            11.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         3547483353                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 7793890.630026                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  7793890.630026                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               237                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           931.654765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1299036023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1052703.422204                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   107.966707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   823.688058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.105436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.804383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.909819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    298959577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       298959577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    298959577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        298959577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    298959577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       298959577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    298960133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    298960133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    298960133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    298960133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    298960133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    298960133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73321.942446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73321.942446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73321.942446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73321.942446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73321.942446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73321.942446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          499                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          100                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          499                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     25109750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25109750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     25109750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25109750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     25109750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25109750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72781.884058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72781.884058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72781.884058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72781.884058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72781.884058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72781.884058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         3547483347                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 17703199.262636                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  17703199.262636                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          97901969                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           783537688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          97902993                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              8.003205                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1020.409430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     3.590570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.996494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.003506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    458593997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       458593997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    108186186                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      108186186                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    566780183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        566780183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    566780183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       566780183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     51993197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      51993197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     60290602                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     60290602                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    112283799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      112283799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    112283799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     112283799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1519909628750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1519909628750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1712553613554                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1712553613554                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       166500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       166500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3232463242304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3232463242304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3232463242304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3232463242304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    510587194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    510587194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    168476788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    168476788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    679063982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    679063982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    679063982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    679063982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.101830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.357857                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.357857                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.165351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.165351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.165351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.165351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29232.855767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29232.855767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28404.984471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28404.984471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        83250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28788.331630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28788.331630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28788.331630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28788.331630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    557632176                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs          22834985                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.420081                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     49637119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          49637119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3525562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3525562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10856270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     10856270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     14381832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     14381832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     14381832                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     14381832                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     48467635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     48467635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49434332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     49434332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     97901967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     97901967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     97901967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     97901967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1255289042750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1255289042750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 945243231181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 945243231181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       161500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       161500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2200532273931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2200532273931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2200532273931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2200532273931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.094925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.293419                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293419                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.144172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.144172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25899.531569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25899.531569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19121.189524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19121.189524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        80750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22476.895423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22476.895423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22476.895423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22476.895423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
