
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.616678                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                616678468236                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               949880069766                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 170279                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   170279                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35002527                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2360212                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 17618.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       472320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     40905088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           41377408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       472320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        472320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     31138112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        31138112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       639142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              646522                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        486533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             486533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       765910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     66331306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              67097215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       765910                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           765910                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        50493269                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             50493269                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        50493269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       765910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     66331306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            117590485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      646522                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     486533                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    646522                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   486533                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   41377408                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                31138112                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             41377408                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             31138112                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               40486                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               40873                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               41255                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               39828                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               41457                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               41872                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               41266                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               40027                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               38585                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               38710                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              38243                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              39268                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              40913                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              41725                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              41494                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              40510                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               30857                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               30614                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               30947                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               30185                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               31191                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               31127                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               30839                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               30236                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               28937                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               29196                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              29019                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              29820                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              31213                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              31111                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              30738                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              30503                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                        40                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  616676539500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                646522                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               486533                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  455384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  114817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   48188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   28107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   16339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   20805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   21073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   21090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   21096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   21098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   21102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   21108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   21110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   21154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  21154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  21154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  21154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  21154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  21153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  21153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  21153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  21153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  21153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  21153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  21153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  21153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  21153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   4815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       490199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    147.926732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    98.118436                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   252.444211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       317160     64.70%     64.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        83577     17.05%     81.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        31515      6.43%     88.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        16167      3.30%     91.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         9254      1.89%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         5826      1.19%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         4132      0.84%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2888      0.59%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         2034      0.41%     96.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         1542      0.31%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         1249      0.25%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         1215      0.25%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1088      0.22%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897          860      0.18%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961          968      0.20%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1176      0.24%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          833      0.17%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          838      0.17%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          731      0.15%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         1110      0.23%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          650      0.13%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          577      0.12%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          497      0.10%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         1213      0.25%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          379      0.08%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          298      0.06%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          258      0.05%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          463      0.09%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          165      0.03%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          199      0.04%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          133      0.03%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          212      0.04%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          149      0.03%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           96      0.02%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           76      0.02%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          145      0.03%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           52      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           44      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           59      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           58      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           32      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           34      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           22      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           24      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           24      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           10      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            5      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            7      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            4      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            7      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            6      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           12      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            6      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            5      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            4      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            7      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            4      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           23      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       490199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  18730463833                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             33517245083                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3232560000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               11554221250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     28971.56                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  17871.63                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                51843.19                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        67.10                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        50.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                67.10                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                50.49                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.70                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   455354                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  187478                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 70.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                38.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     544260.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    117590485                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              262521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             262521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            486533                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            384001                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           384001                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1779577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1779577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     72515520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            72515520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               72515520                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1673451978                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2030238087                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       499254059                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    353409474                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     31348160                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    340967988                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       252596035                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     74.082038                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        47573427                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       887741                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            782392082                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses           14542460                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                 89703                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        796934542                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           414960425                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           2974384                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                  954                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       417934809                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1197352507                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           17516844                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                 90657                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1214869351                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           481136160                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses           1395410                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       482531570                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 1471                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1851887292                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    964029090                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3272786685                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           499254059                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    300169462                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             619165382                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       150090969                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      117490112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       158803                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     13833212                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          442                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         481136160                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      23145231                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1825520392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.792797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.896449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1206355010     66.08%     66.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         56970828      3.12%     69.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         62651942      3.43%     72.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         59240223      3.25%     75.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         70010288      3.84%     79.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         56029671      3.07%     82.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         65258227      3.57%     86.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         30981189      1.70%     88.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        218023014     11.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1825520392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.269592                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.767271                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        998841961                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     113827909                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         603416782                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1147174                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      108286565                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     65481566                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred       2602448                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3183440402                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       9232874                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      108286565                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       1016480779                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        30416617                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     70390728                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         586430169                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      13515533                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3102021353                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          5147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         274987                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      10920329                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2122937640                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3841697423                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3815247796                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     26449627                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1397224081                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        725713548                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2208495                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1733598                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          34555160                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    973120163                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    465798101                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     40859407                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     10651953                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2884762491                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3178337                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2531336602                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7303659                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    876472265                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    562786848                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       514410                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1825520392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.386638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.644390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    796964324     43.66%     43.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    347034920     19.01%     62.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    268448879     14.71%     77.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    165014149      9.04%     86.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    139496640      7.64%     94.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     69317250      3.80%     97.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     28150842      1.54%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      9863489      0.54%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1229899      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1825520392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1210319      2.24%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       28672792     53.18%     55.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      24032073     44.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          138      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1252170589     49.47%     49.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       443498      0.02%     49.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     49.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3229321      0.13%     49.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      1288300      0.05%     49.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       582821      0.02%     49.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult       128211      0.01%     49.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       128285      0.01%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    850808470     33.61%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    422556969     16.69%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2531336602                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.366896                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            53915184                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.021299                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6922249133                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   3741880420                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2396688175                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27163306                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     22720829                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12559503                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2571536995                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        13714653                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     76991240                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    303217183                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses      1556171                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       192243                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    152977599                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          113                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1156470                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      108286565                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        20702873                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        486761                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2951652404                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      7914573                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     973120163                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    465798101                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1724799                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         381301                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         33442                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       192243                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     25238781                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      6738234                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     31977015                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2455392904                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     797226365                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     75943698                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              63711576                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1215337784                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        374426528                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          418111419                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.325887                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2433256729                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2409247678                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1278900491                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1762472495                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.300969                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.725629                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    740189238                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2663927                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     28791374                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1717233827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.191475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.090836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1006520303     58.61%     58.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    310829784     18.10%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    131790583      7.67%     84.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     59358865      3.46%     87.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     51149905      2.98%     90.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     32586702      1.90%     92.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     24569949      1.43%     94.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     24821573      1.45%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     75606163      4.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1717233827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2046040684                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2046040684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              982723480                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             669902978                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars             1331228                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          320071823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            9094135                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1970277568                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     30290140                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      75606163                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4334848579                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5680802255                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  140262                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                26366900                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.925944                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.925944                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.079979                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.079979                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3113806792                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1657495190                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          11212389                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          7442328                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         3098933                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2662525                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              1063                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1062                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008110                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008102                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 2852486945                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         933034.368024                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          933034.368024                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            8751.172680                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    646523                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 129157.765261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2147511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    775529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.769092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    72870.107384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   898.881652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 50041.422805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         98.243488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       5249.109932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.555955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.006858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.381786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.040048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.985396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        15753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       909888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  925641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1025253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1025253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       179472                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                179472                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         15753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       1089360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1105113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        15753                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1089360                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1105113                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       255141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                262521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       384001                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              384001                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       639142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 646522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7380                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       639142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                646522                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    669346113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  21809627149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22478973262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30637960658                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   30637960658                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    669346113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52447587807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      53116933920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    669346113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52447587807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     53116933920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        23133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1165029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1188162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1025253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1025253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       563473                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            563473                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        23133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1728502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1751635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        23133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1728502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1751635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.319025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.220947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.681490                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.681490                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.319025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.369766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.369096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.319025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.369766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.369096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90697.305285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85480.683814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85627.333669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79786.148104                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79786.148104                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90697.305285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82059.366787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82157.968205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90697.305285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82059.366787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82157.968205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               486533                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    486533                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       255141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           262521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       384001                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         384001                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       639142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            646522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       639142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           646522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    613235355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19904857277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20518092632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27677197810                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27677197810                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    613235355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47582055087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  48195290442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    613235355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47582055087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  48195290442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.319025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.220947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.681490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.681490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.319025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.369766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.369096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.319025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.369766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.369096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83094.221545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78015.126056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78157.909775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72075.848266                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72075.848266                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83094.221545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74446.766269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74545.476321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83094.221545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74446.766269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74545.476321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   288190428                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1188162                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1188162                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1025253                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           563473                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          563473                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        46266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4482257                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4528523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1480512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    176240320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          177720832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             177720832                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1607541264                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          24546682                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1847848948                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2852492701                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 29320436.902707                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  29320436.902707                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             23131                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          4095.919326                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1323035987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             27227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          48592.793440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      358788069134                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  2487.971469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1607.947856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.607415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.392565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481110419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       481110419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481110419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        481110419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481110419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       481110419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        25727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         25727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        25727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          25727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        25727                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         25727                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    954631035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    954631035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    954631035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    954631035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    954631035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    954631035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    481136146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    481136146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    481136146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    481136146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    481136146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    481136146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37106.193299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37106.193299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37106.193299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37106.193299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37106.193299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37106.193299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16654                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                72                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   231.305556                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    734495849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    734495849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    734495849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    734495849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    734495849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    734495849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31750.998530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31750.998530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31750.998530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31750.998530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31750.998530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31750.998530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1231                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           35                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.300537                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.008545                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         2852492699                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 55188402.104202                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  55188402.104202                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     333.713930                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1728502                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 4061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1123822508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1732563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            648.647413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  4008.573155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    52.426845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.978656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.012800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    700221397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       700221397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    308455982                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      308455982                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1453763                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1453763                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1008677379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1008677379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1008677379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1008677379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2614570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2614570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3033291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3033291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5647861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        5647861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5647861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       5647861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  80312405036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80312405036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 170194422644                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 170194422644                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        44955                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        44955                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 250506827680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 250506827680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 250506827680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 250506827680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    702835967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    702835967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    311489273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    311489273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1453772                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1453772                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1014325240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1014325240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1014325240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1014325240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000006                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30717.251799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30717.251799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56108.834478                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56108.834478                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         4995                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4995                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44354.283450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44354.283450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44354.283450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44354.283450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      9413664                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1605                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             71795                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              16                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   131.118657                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   100.312500                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1025253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1025253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1448272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1448272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2471096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2471096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3919368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3919368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3919368                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3919368                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1166298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1166298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       562195                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       562195                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1728493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1728493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1728493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1728493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25440260488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25440260488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31723966373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31723966373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        32967                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        32967                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57164226861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  57164226861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57164226861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  57164226861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001805                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001805                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21812.830416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21812.830416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56428.759368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56428.759368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33071.714413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33071.714413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33071.714413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33071.714413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
