
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.646193                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                646192720773                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               979227688770                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 266038                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   266038                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               57303913                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2350988                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11276.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000004                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        12096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    871391808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          871403904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        12096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         12096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    310970112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       310970112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     13615497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            13615686                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       4858908                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            4858908                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        18719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1348501430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1348520149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        18719                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            18719                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       481234316                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            481234316                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       481234316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        18719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1348501430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1829754465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    13615686                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    4858908                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  13615686                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  4858908                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                  871403904                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               310970112                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd            871403904                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            310970112                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0              861474                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1              859671                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2              856367                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3              855583                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4              851572                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5              845857                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6              843262                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7              846967                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8              843814                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9              841064                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10             840618                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11             845376                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12             850896                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13             856426                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14             856935                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15             859802                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              306236                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              304816                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              303258                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              304499                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              303912                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              303777                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              303265                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              303663                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              301778                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              302233                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             301741                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             302665                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             303759                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             305493                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             303471                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             304342                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  646192451709                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              13615686                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              4858908                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6216642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 4299736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 2206582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  892715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  171437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  209418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  211130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  211253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  211257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  211257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  211257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  211257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  211257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  211257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 211257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 211257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 211257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 211257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 211257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 211257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 211257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 211257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 211257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 211257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 211256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 211256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 211256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  39820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      3841198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    307.805454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   131.534043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   704.700106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65      2458036     63.99%     63.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       227259      5.92%     69.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193       103193      2.69%     72.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        92248      2.40%     75.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        85920      2.24%     77.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        82253      2.14%     79.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        72333      1.88%     81.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        79850      2.08%     83.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        45294      1.18%     84.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        44311      1.15%     85.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        83983      2.19%     87.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        78910      2.05%     89.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        26763      0.70%     90.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        21502      0.56%     91.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        58624      1.53%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025       126482      3.29%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         7028      0.18%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         7146      0.19%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         7323      0.19%     96.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         8078      0.21%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         6486      0.17%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         7110      0.19%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        40147      1.05%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         2744      0.07%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         1478      0.04%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         1444      0.04%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729         1252      0.03%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         1077      0.03%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         1025      0.03%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         1042      0.03%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         2498      0.07%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         1439      0.04%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          821      0.02%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177          957      0.02%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241         1040      0.03%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305         1023      0.03%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369         1062      0.03%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433         1063      0.03%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         1123      0.03%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561         1102      0.03%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625         2356      0.06%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          807      0.02%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          737      0.02%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          840      0.02%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          889      0.02%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          870      0.02%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009         1365      0.04%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          858      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          625      0.02%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          685      0.02%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          528      0.01%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          527      0.01%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          492      0.01%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          567      0.01%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          498      0.01%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          485      0.01%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          497      0.01%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          623      0.02%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          596      0.02%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          487      0.01%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          509      0.01%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          540      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          895      0.02%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          512      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          631      0.02%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225          564      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          457      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          493      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          461      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          547      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          383      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          464      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          321      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          336      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          376      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          372      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          375      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          380      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          569      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          406      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185         1190      0.03%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          387      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          328      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          312      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          397      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          353      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          323      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          358      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          356      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          320      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          301      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          267      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          258      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          372      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          400      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          209      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          234      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273          211      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          187      0.00%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          190      0.00%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          229      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          205      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          218      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          221      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          261      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          265      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          264      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          220      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977         1187      0.03%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          447      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          226      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          201      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          170      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          161      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          118      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          119      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          135      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          103      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          128      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          101      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          115      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           97      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          121      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           98      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          102      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           89      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           92      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        11156      0.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8320-8321            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      3841198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 198490129336                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            532002509336                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                68078420000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              265433960000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14578.05                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  19494.72                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                39072.77                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1348.52                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       481.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1348.52                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               481.23                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        14.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.82                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.47                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 10583562                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 4049812                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 77.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      34977.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1829754465                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             9861428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            9861428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           4858908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           3754258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          3754258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     32090280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               32090280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1182374016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1182374016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1182374016                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         19096170714                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        43194824937                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        66769036                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     66439676                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       501950                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     66139799                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        65913949                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.658526                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS            1261                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           87                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            696567836                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1126879                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        697694715                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           107374984                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            156676                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       107531660                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            803942820                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1283555                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        805226375                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           211643054                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               132                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       211643186                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1940518948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    434268730                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2385400274                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            66769036                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     65915210                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             343383653                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        44534240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      729290645                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4452                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          117                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         211643054                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       4832663                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1533750352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.555273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.051679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1190366699     77.61%     77.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         11379368      0.74%     78.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         13118493      0.86%     79.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          7618739      0.50%     79.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         28975151      1.89%     81.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          8419121      0.55%     82.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          9887655      0.64%     82.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          4275444      0.28%     83.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        259709682     16.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1533750352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.034408                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.229259                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        475413050                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     690828303                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         321516077                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      19190971                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       26801950                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       327296                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           638                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2366863317                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          2333                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       26801950                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        502750283                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       557191216                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        70602                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         310222746                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     136713554                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2320738150                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       2495894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       15268659                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     107944407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2131123514                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3653533050                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2395935275                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   1257597775                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1834106825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        297016643                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          996                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          772                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         326532883                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    706065885                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    117056246                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13214645                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     11907453                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2153735355                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1437                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2109101321                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      4382084                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    153725200                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    141745101                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          188                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1533750352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.375127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.653912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    718990645     46.88%     46.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    226626556     14.78%     61.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    207074396     13.50%     75.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    177708268     11.59%     86.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    118712577      7.74%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     55656958      3.63%     98.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     21279267      1.39%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7223011      0.47%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       478674      0.03%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1533750352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            7947      0.01%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult        3635951      5.05%      5.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      5.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        775193      1.08%      6.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      6.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      6.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     34348186     47.73%     53.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv      19144963     26.60%     80.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt      3490700      4.85%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       10443673     14.51%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        121567      0.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            2      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     773417547     36.67%     36.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    210587467      9.98%     46.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     46.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    152320900      7.22%     53.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            8      0.00%     53.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        21689      0.00%     53.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    146416931      6.94%     60.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     14793091      0.70%     61.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt      1598201      0.08%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    702399662     33.30%     94.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    107545823      5.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2109101321                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.086875                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            71968180                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.034123                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4414781950                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1528019780                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1410444089                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   1413521304                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    779444316                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    634392356                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1444139715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       736929784                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9820964                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     67590481                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         5128                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     10091558                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            3                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     51034984                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       26801950                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       389411177                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       8103178                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2154525233                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     58178520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     706065885                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    117056246                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          755                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        2680583                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        812650                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         2155                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       504390                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6054                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       510444                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2098543871                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     697694725                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     10557446                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                788441                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            805226386                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         60646356                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          107531661                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.081434                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2046309956                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2044836445                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1444698429                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1653000340                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.053758                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.873986                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    149192414                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1249                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       501339                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1506948402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.327669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.567947                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1047227460     69.49%     69.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    133402563      8.85%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     41799785      2.77%     81.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     43733017      2.90%     84.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33174611      2.20%     86.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     26030537      1.73%     87.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     20623018      1.37%     89.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     21720471      1.44%     90.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    139236940      9.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1506948402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2000729238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2000729238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              745440075                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             638475390                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           58929454                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          630739835                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1689204963                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls          970                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     139236940                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3513964280                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4326645426                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 3767782                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               406768596                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000003                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.970259                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.970259                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.030652                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.030652                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2575125134                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1321099304                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         701284400                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        555907124                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads            1435                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           1249                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 2940623315                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         8818518.432885                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          8818518.432885                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg           19638.771150                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  13615762                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 130282.870593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     6600954                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  13746480                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.480192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    28640.315505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     1.224200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 100485.337023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       1155.993866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.218508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.766642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.008820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.993979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4175088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 4175088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5996857                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5996857                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       583689                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                583689                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       4758777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  4758777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      4758777                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 4758777                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9861239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               9861428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3754258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             3754258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     13615497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               13615686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          189                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     13615497                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              13615686                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     14115368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 680771971026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    680786086394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 264575585293                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  264575585293                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     14115368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 945347556319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     945361671687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     14115368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 945347556319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    945361671687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14036327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            14036516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5996857                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5996857                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4337947                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4337947                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18374274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             18374463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18374274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            18374463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.702551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.702555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.865446                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.865446                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.741011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.741011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74684.486772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69035.135547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69035.243820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70473.469136                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70473.469136                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74684.486772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69431.733290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69431.806204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74684.486772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69431.733290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69431.806204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              4858908                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   4858908                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9861239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          9861428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3754258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        3754258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13615497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          13615686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13615497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         13615686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     12680476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 605068464744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 605081145220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 235754782841                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 235754782841                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     12680476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 840823247585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 840835928061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     12680476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 840823247585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 840835928061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.702551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.702555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.865446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.865446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.741011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.741011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67092.465608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61358.259824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61358.369723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62796.638601                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62796.638601                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67092.465608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61754.870027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61754.944118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67092.465608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61754.870027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61754.944118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2413775999                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           14036516                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          14036516                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5996857                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4337947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4337947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     42745405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              42745783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1559752384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1559764480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1559764480                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12109556322                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            226609                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       20499030657                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2940623688                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 12897527.499404                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  12897527.499404                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2673.385748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1211737594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          443859.924542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   133.863015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2539.522733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.032681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.620001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.652682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    211642782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       211642782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    211642782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        211642782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    211642782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       211642782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     19724434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19724434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     19724434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19724434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     19724434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19724434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    211643051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    211643051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    211643051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    211643051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    211643051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    211643051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73325.033457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73325.033457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73325.033457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73325.033457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73325.033457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73325.033457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          883                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                16                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    55.187500                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           80                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           80                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           80                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     14304512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14304512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     14304512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14304512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     14304512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14304512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75685.248677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75685.248677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75685.248677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75685.248677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75685.248677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75685.248677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2940623690                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 45273725.849209                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  45273725.849209                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          18374274                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 4096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           693664306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          18378370                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             37.743516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  4092.436460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     3.563540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    599057107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       599057107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     83398178                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       83398178                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    682455285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        682455285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    682455285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       682455285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     36900559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      36900559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     23565883                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     23565883                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     60466442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       60466442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     60466442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      60466442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1884685817540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1884685817540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1436249589935                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1436249589935                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1114999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1114999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3320935407475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3320935407475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3320935407475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3320935407475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    635957666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    635957666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    106964061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    106964061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          624                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    742921727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    742921727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    742921727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    742921727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.220316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.220316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024038                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024038                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51074.722677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51074.722677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60946.139380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60946.139380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74333.266667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74333.266667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54921.958323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54921.958323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54921.958323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54921.958323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    220139884                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           3355670                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    65.602364                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5996857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5996857                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     22864246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     22864246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19227937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     19227937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     42092183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     42092183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     42092183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     42092183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14036313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14036313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4337946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4337946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18374259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18374259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18374259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18374259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 707004591947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 707004591947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 270682376186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 270682376186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1086131                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1086131                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 977686968133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 977686968133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 977686968133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 977686968133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040555                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040555                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024038                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024038                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50369.679840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50369.679840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62398.742674                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62398.742674                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72408.733333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72408.733333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53209.599807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53209.599807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53209.599807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53209.599807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
