
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.626403                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                626403056500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1127469956000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 167440                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   167440                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               34961590                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2336508                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 17916.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     78659712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           78661312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         1600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          1600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     55044544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        55044544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1229058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1229083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        860071                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             860071                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         2554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    125573640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             125576194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         2554                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             2554                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        87874003                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             87874003                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        87874003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         2554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    125573640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            213450197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1229083                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     860071                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1229083                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   860071                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   78661312                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                55044544                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             78661312                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             55044544                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    769                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               74999                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               75295                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               75980                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               76555                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               75273                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               84039                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               82015                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               81397                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               78903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               78405                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              79140                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              81070                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              74303                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              71861                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              70067                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              69012                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               52153                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               52664                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               54221                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               54437                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               52777                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               57922                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               56724                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               56873                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               55460                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               55017                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              55145                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              56987                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              51503                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              50107                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              49180                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              48901                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  626101827000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1229083                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               860071                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1093373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   97398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   25680                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   11862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   34430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   37338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   37395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   37395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   37395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   37395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   37395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   37395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   37394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  37394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  37394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  37394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  37394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  37394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  37394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  37394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  37394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  37394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  37394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  37394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  37394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  37394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       895682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    149.156080                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.361477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   422.504463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       671770     75.00%     75.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       100379     11.21%     86.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        33498      3.74%     89.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        19821      2.21%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        12598      1.41%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         9239      1.03%     94.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         6696      0.75%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         6857      0.77%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         3666      0.41%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         2747      0.31%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         2322      0.26%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         2143      0.24%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1678      0.19%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1452      0.16%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1255      0.14%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1137      0.13%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1065      0.12%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          965      0.11%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          865      0.10%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          890      0.10%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          991      0.11%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1236      0.14%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         5303      0.59%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         1493      0.17%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          893      0.10%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          606      0.07%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          365      0.04%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          236      0.03%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          190      0.02%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          146      0.02%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          118      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           95      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          104      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           73      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           82      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           65      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           61      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           38      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           46      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           39      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           44      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           51      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           31      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           28      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           25      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           21      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           32      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           22      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           18      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           23      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           20      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           15      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           14      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           21      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           12      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           18      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            9      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           16      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           19      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           12      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            8      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           19      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           10      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           11      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            7      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           11      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           14      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           15      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           17      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            5      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            5      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           11      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           10      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           14      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            6      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           10      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            9      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           13      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            6      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            9      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           14      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313           13      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           11      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            6      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            7      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569           11      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            5      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697           10      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            6      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            6      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            7      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            6      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            3      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            5      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            5      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            2      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            7      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            4      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            8      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            6      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            5      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            4      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            5      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            5      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            9      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            5      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            3      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            8      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            4      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            7      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            6      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            4      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            7      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            8      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           11      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            7      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            6      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            6      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           13      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           15      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            8      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           12      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           12      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         1468      0.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8768-8769            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8960-8961            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9216-9217            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9280-9281            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9408-9409            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       895682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  19254555250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             52965494000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 6141570000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               27569368750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15675.60                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  22444.89                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43120.48                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       125.58                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        87.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               125.58                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                87.87                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.08                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.79                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   801627                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  391067                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 65.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                45.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     299691.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    213450197                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              614975                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             614975                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            860071                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            614108                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           614108                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3318237                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3318237                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    133705856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           133705856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              133705856                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          4484861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5829306250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       341193823                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    288035731                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     16055805                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    184900961                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       183115184                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.034198                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        12478205                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           33                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            691396073                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            7535518                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        698931591                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           181961154                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           8402976                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       190364130                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            873357227                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           15938494                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        889295721                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           349933442                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              9556                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       349942998                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1252806113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    361960229                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3273550438                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           341193823                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    195593389                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             542027313                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       133630388                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      209712198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          125                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        29651                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         349933442                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       6331470                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1225512480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.671169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.395187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        683485167     55.77%     55.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         41507727      3.39%     59.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         23549164      1.92%     61.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         29707327      2.42%     63.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         64801292      5.29%     68.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         37850554      3.09%     71.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         36328215      2.96%     74.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         36869098      3.01%     77.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        271413936     22.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1225512480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.272344                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.612975                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        401669296                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     182351171                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         501517645                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      28191610                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      111782757                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     39745128                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           223                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3199875495                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           725                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      111782757                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        427708315                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       100499821                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles         4262                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         502453318                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      83064006                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3121544045                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         64305                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        8523820                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      65021837                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2544857902                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4286360651                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4286338980                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        21671                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1642742419                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        902115449                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         214905080                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    763426877                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    245079461                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    100602308                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     64857511                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2991537773                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2717282560                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      5657197                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    987206017                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    513008161                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1225512480                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.217262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.052930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    381153689     31.10%     31.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    158446305     12.93%     44.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    172296558     14.06%     58.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    176451024     14.40%     72.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    131267521     10.71%     83.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    107453997      8.77%     91.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     71066020      5.80%     97.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     22865050      1.87%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4512316      0.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1225512480                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         2571190     22.69%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     22.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        8285924     73.12%     95.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        475279      4.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           84      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1805921563     66.46%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         1299      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd          344      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          452      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           12      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv           44      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    716997483     26.39%     92.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    194361279      7.15%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2717282560                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.168957                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            11332393                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.004170                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6677055314                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   3978773293                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2622102207                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        11871                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        15562                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         4253                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2728608532                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses            6337                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     51862223                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    246584855                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       139184                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        46350                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     90178806                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          711                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       717846                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      111782757                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        69791685                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        691051                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2997087532                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     12418042                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     763426877                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    245079461                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         317487                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          9324                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        46350                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      8635264                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     10302111                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     18937375                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2674054139                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     698931648                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     43228416                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               5549759                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            889295792                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        265198477                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          190364144                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.134452                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2649641940                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2622106460                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1780964194                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        2256646014                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.092987                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.789208                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    817593675                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     16055598                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1113729723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.800061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.640816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    547598398     49.17%     49.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    187475097     16.83%     66.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    111167285      9.98%     75.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     67931720      6.10%     82.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25354417      2.28%     84.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     16022534      1.44%     85.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     19707670      1.77%     87.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     16380649      1.47%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    122091953     10.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1113729723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2004781352                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2004781352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              671742670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             516842016                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                   0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          210045741                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                650                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1984437640                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      7766450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     122091953                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3744523429                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5756685831                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  390371                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                27293633                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.626403                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.626403                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.596416                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.596416                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3634613860                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      2195273417                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads              4181                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              679                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads              84                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes             42                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1               266                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               266                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008118                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008118                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                  626357382                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  626504493                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         2203444.644930                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         2023294.440960                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          4226739.085889                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 374                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 373                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 1674752.358289                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 1679636.710456                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.499941                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.500059                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            1945.845870                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        99484                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        99218                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1     12155748                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2     12123246                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1223884                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32292.202221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    22779653                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1256380                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     18.131181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    18580.502593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.380959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 13530.050956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        181.267713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.567032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.412904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.005532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.985480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14417246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                14417246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          7365537                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               7365537                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3190448                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3190448                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      17607694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 17607694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     17607694                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                17607694                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       614950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                614975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       614108                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              614108                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1229058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1229083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1229058                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1229083                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2307750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43756425000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43758732750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50367837000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   50367837000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2307750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  94124262000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      94126569750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2307750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  94124262000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     94126569750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15032196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            15032221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7365537                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           7365537                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3804556                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3804556                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18836752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             18836777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18836752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            18836777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.040910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.161414                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.161414                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.065249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.065249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71154.443451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71155.303468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82017.881220                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82017.881220                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76582.441187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76582.761091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        92310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76582.441187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76582.761091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               860071                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    860071                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       614950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           614975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       614108                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         614108                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1229058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1229083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1229058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1229083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2020250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36693891000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36695911250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43313880000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43313880000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2020250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  80007771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  80009791250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2020250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  80007771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  80009791250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.040910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.161414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.161414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.065249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.065249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        80810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59669.714611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59670.574007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70531.372332                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70531.372332                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        80810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65096.822933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65097.142544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        80810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65096.822933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65097.142544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2677107141                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           15032221                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          15032221                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          7365537                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3804556                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3804556                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     45039041                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              45039091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1676946496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1676948096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1676948096                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20466694000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             43750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       28549037750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2254939910                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 9122764.805188                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  9122764.805188                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           752.266374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1352065322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               759                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1781377.235837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    19.992149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   732.274224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.019524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.715112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.734635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    349933416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       349933416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    349933416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        349933416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    349933416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       349933416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total             26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total            26                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2473000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2473000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2473000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2473000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2473000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2473000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    349933442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    349933442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    349933442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    349933442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    349933442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    349933442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95115.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95115.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95115.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95115.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95115.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95115.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2332750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2332750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2332750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2332750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      2332750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2332750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        93310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        93310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        93310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           78                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.076172                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.002930                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1          983044199                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          270712451                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 13821419.755444                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 3657599.990610                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  17479019.746054                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          769                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          769                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 1278340.960988                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 352031.795839                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.784079                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.215921                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      62.916944                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1         2307                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2         2307                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1        17955                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1        39720                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        57675                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       727474                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       727474                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1    23.348505                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          18784099                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           960.525659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           768475032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          18785045                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             40.908874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   959.151896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     1.373763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.936672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.938013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    617488084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       617488084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    148241264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      148241264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    765729348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        765729348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    765729348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       765729348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21330639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      21330639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6659390                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6659390                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     27990029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       27990029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     27990029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      27990029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 295705038250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 295705038250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 189686593011                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 189686593011                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 485391631261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 485391631261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 485391631261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 485391631261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    638818723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    638818723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    154900654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    154900654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    793719377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    793719377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    793719377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    793719377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042991                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042991                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13862.924512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13862.924512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28484.079324                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28484.079324                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17341.590867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17341.590867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17341.590867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17341.590867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4563694                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3570                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            267857                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              97                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.037800                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    36.804124                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7365537                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7365537                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6298428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6298428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2854849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2854849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9153277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9153277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9153277                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9153277                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15032211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15032211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3804541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3804541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18836752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18836752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18836752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18836752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92371109000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  92371109000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  61086294633                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  61086294633                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 153457403633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 153457403633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 153457403633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 153457403633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024561                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024561                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6144.878421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6144.878421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16056.153589                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16056.153589                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8146.701917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8146.701917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8146.701917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8146.701917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
