
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.306994                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1306994179500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1807041718000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 261848                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   261848                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              114078072                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2209608                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11457.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        22080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1366436864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1366458944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        22080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    582319424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       582319424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     21350576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            21350921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       9098741                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            9098741                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        16894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1045480451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1045497345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        16894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       445540947                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            445540947                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       445540947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        16894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1045480451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1491038291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    21350921                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    9098741                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  21350921                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  9098741                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1366458944                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               582319424                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1366458944                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            582319424                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1334590                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1334451                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1337041                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1333296                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1333597                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1333316                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1334437                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1333168                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1333779                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1333389                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1335972                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1334890                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1334530                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1335859                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1333927                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1334679                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              568498                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              568466                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              568457                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              568603                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              568832                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              568946                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              569216                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              568907                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              569056                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              568816                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             568743                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             568535                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             568403                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             568543                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             568243                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             568477                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1306993904500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              21350921                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              9098741                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 7241536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 6685897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 4970105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                 2453365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  312305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  392113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  83293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   3485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples     14440561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    134.945893                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.281528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   388.454680                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65     10645001     73.72%     73.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       517012      3.58%     77.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193      1770077     12.26%     89.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257       852187      5.90%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321       166363      1.15%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        87961      0.61%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        41688      0.29%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        21752      0.15%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        46738      0.32%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        82818      0.57%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        52038      0.36%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        60158      0.42%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         5691      0.04%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1624      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1520      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1101      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1020      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         1525      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         5933      0.04%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         2245      0.02%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         1443      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1700      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        13587      0.09%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          980      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         1674      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         1802      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          422      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          284      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          373      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          355      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          207      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          175      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          177      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         4026      0.03%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241          119      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          124      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369          354      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433          182      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          159      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561          174      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625          290      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          330      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          206      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          264      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          183      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          190      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          172      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073         2533      0.02%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          124      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          148      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          154      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          284      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393         6021      0.04%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          121      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          124      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          125      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          111      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          232      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          122      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           98      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          154      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           78      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           44      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           56      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           77      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           86      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           80      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           64      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           75      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           62      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           64      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          161      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           76      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          131      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801           78      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          198      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          359      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          153      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           57      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           60      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           76      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249         1262      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          638      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          564      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           52      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           57      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569           73      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           82      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697           77      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761         4445      0.03%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          261      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           28      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953           29      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           73      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           18      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           23      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           47      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           72      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          107      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           86      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          111      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529           50      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           71      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657           47      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           31      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           35      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849           29      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          352      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977         1492      0.01%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041         5280      0.04%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105           34      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           31      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233           16      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          279      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           33      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           38      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489           85      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           77      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617           91      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           36      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           23      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           45      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           86      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           99      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           72      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           36      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129          131      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        17067      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total     14440561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 474806688250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            1194011400750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               106754605000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              612450107500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22238.23                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  28684.95                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                55923.18                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1045.50                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       445.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1045.50                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               445.54                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        11.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.91                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.53                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  9381742                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 6627349                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 43.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                72.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      42923.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1491038291                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            12279536                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           12279536                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           9098741                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           9071385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          9071385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     51800583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               51800583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1948778368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1948778368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1948778368                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         51619795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       101217582750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        52342175                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     38717646                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       232512                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     39611997                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        32824300                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     82.864542                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         5446065                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           17                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            688977225                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             368464                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        689345689                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           169626950                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            349717                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       169976667                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            858604175                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             718181                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        859322356                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           312982611                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                69                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       312982680                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   17                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               2614042903                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    352466653                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3616537860                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            52342175                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     38270365                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             501796041                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       155013069                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     1349613296                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1118                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         312982611                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      13120222                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2306169056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.568202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.099817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1804373015     78.24%     78.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         13371144      0.58%     78.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         21613411      0.94%     79.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          9650627      0.42%     80.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         15351608      0.67%     80.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         13805173      0.60%     81.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6792277      0.29%     81.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          9892354      0.43%     82.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        411319447     17.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2306169056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.020023                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.383504                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        492816456                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    1248234285                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         399578166                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      63248465                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      102291683                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      8174769                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           138                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3308129143                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           515                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      102291683                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        561925914                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       667409924                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    178677836                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         382428241                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     413435457                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3077409827                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       7329721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      145442695                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     244536258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2820962030                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4684482009                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1240797676                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   3443684333                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1784004654                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       1036957317                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts     10399618                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         968567156                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    757875275                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    180010467                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6247463                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2071669                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2599491054                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          104                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2321088619                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     46743187                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    599470079                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    720869542                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2306169056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.006469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.410013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1224744194     53.11%     53.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    464961143     20.16%     73.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    278056460     12.06%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    167563880      7.27%     92.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     88516617      3.84%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     56366694      2.44%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     21402833      0.93%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3451900      0.15%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1105335      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2306169056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          109224      0.01%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult          11500      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          2796      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp         30127      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult    988434078     49.24%     49.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv    1003720961     50.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       12084951      0.60%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       2925631      0.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      5197191      0.22%      0.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     611415040     26.34%     26.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2859957      0.12%     26.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     26.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    340132381     14.65%     41.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      7841730      0.34%     41.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     13874501      0.60%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    240399304     10.36%     52.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv    198311612      8.54%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    730740709     31.48%     92.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    170316194      7.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2321088619                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.887931                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt          2007319268                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.864818                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4098272037                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1054859836                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    840720814                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   4904136709                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   2144108578                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1255163688                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      888002946                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      3435207750                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21355360                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    232654579                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        58221                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7179                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     11533757                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked    164845353                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      102291683                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       204884442                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      19237913                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2611260330                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      8891645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     757875275                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    180010467                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           67                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       12505224                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        694551                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7179                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       178532                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53984                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       232516                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2254340930                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     689345689                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     66747686                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              11769172                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            859322356                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         48075873                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          169976667                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.862396                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2096657889                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2095884502                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1153932752                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1300810591                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.801779                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.887087                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    598280077                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           61                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       232377                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2203877373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.912814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.136051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1667691073     75.67%     75.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    173736437      7.88%     83.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     99377264      4.51%     88.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     48112364      2.18%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     28839239      1.31%     91.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     19893964      0.90%     92.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     18281171      0.83%     93.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     13179438      0.60%     93.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    134766423      6.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2203877373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2011729309                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2011729309                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              693697387                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             525220677                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  22                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           47765975                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1241535438                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1225659609                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      5444549                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     134766423                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4676733640                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5322310764                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 3951629                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               307873847                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000005                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.307021                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.307021                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.765098                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.765098                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1658928422                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       737437766                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1634480191                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1138470415                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        49120713                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2598640                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.000092                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.000092                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 3614083436                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         21614661.063150                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          21614661.063150                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg             389.277000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  21350954                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32507.654796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    71584964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  21383690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.347643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14280.335944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.548324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 18217.878939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          8.891588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.435801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.555966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.992055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     30995472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                30995472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         49659292                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total              49659292                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     40383387                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              40383387                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      71378859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 71378859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     71378859                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                71378859                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12279191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              12279536                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9071385                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             9071385                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     21350576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               21350921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     21350576                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              21350921                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     25726750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1143988525750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1144014252500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 830970033750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  830970033750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     25726750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1974958559500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1974984286250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     25726750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1974958559500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1974984286250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     43274663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            43275008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     49659292                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          49659292                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49454772                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          49454772                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     92729435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             92729780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     92729435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            92729780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.283750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.283756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.183428                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.183428                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.230246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.230249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.230246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.230249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74570.289855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93164.812385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93164.289962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91603.435831                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91603.435831                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74570.289855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92501.418205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92501.128464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74570.289855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92501.418205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92501.128464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              9098741                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   9098741                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12279191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         12279536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9071385                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        9071385                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21350576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          21350921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21350576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         21350921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     21768250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1002985741250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1003007509500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 726839769250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 726839769250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     21768250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1729825510500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1729847278750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     21768250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1729825510500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1729847278750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.283750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.283756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.183428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.183428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.230246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.230249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.230246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.230249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63096.376812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81681.744445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81681.222279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80124.453901                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80124.453901                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63096.376812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81020.086320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81019.796699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63096.376812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81020.086320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81019.796699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  6972410864                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           43275008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          43275005                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         49659292                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         49454772                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        49454772                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    235118159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             235118849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        22080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   9112878336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         9112900416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            9112900416                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       120853828000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              9.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            599499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      144044323500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            11.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         3614083427                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 7887161.781338                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  7887161.781338                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      53.224000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               237                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           931.646927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1313058557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1064066.901945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   108.422308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   823.224619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.105881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.803930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.909811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    312982080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       312982080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    312982080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        312982080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    312982080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       312982080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35180749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35180749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35180749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     35180749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35180749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     35180749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    312982610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    312982610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    312982610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    312982610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    312982610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    312982610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66378.771698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66378.771698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66378.771698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66378.771698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66378.771698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66378.771698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          106                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          106                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          185                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          185                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     26074001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26074001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     26074001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26074001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     26074001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26074001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75576.814493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75576.814493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75576.814493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75576.814493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75576.814493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75576.814493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           43                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            1                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.041992                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.000977                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         3614083436                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 14273115.931709                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  14273115.931709                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      12.584000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          92729432                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           787859277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          92730455                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              8.496230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1019.421119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     3.578881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.995528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.003495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    462890209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       462890209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    108211300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      108211300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    571101509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        571101509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    571101509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       571101509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     48305252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      48305252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     60265388                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     60265388                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    108570640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      108570640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    108570640                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     108570640                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1640738887500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1640738887500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1899120434359                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1899120434359                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       172500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       172500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3539859321859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3539859321859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3539859321859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3539859321859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    511195461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    511195461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    168476688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    168476688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    679672149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    679672149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    679672149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    679672149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.094495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.094495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.357708                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.357708                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.159740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.159740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.159740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.159740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33966.055855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33966.055855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31512.622707                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31512.622707                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        86250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        86250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32604.204248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32604.204248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32604.204248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32604.204248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    613780742                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs          24890958                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.658783                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     49659292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          49659292                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      5030574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      5030574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10810633                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     10810633                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     15841207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     15841207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     15841207                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     15841207                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     43274678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43274678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49454755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     49454755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     92729433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     92729433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     92729433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     92729433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1358617471250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1358617471250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1098074539292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1098074539292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       167500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       167500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2456692010542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2456692010542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2456692010542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2456692010542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.293541                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293541                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.136433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.136433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31395.206944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31395.206944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22203.619031                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22203.619031                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        83750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26493.120157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26493.120157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26493.120157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26493.120157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
