
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.649376                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                649376059914                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               983104541703                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 232295                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   232295                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               50282169                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2373124                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12914.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       343552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    412332224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          412675776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       343552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        343552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     82477248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        82477248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         5368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      6442691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6448059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1288707                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1288707                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       529049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    634966777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             635495827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       529049                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           529049                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       127009992                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            127009992                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       127009992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       529049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    634966777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            762505818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6448059                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1288707                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6448059                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1288707                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                  412675776                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                82477248                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd            412675776                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             82477248                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    517                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0              430973                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1              386232                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2              462880                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3              403208                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4              309576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5              458750                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6              440156                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7              371407                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8              412409                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9              427010                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10             415453                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11             432603                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12             426214                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13             428768                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14             416800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15             225103                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               84532                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               82311                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               84532                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               80528                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               74967                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               84482                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               81808                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               76538                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               82447                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               82825                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              82085                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              84391                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              85606                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              83369                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              83635                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              54651                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  649374588054                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6448059                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1288707                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 5072794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 1071708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  223102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   79903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   52891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   56000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   56031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   56031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   56031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   56031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   56031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   56031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   56031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   56031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  56031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  56031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  56031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  56031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  56031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  56031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  56031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  56030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  56030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  56030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  56030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  56030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  56030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   3140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1595284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    310.362193                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   137.577323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   730.000153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       817624     51.25%     51.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       263299     16.50%     67.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193       123305      7.73%     75.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        71434      4.48%     79.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        45143      2.83%     82.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        33988      2.13%     84.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        25827      1.62%     86.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        23063      1.45%     87.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        17828      1.12%     89.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        14928      0.94%     90.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        12183      0.76%     90.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        11722      0.73%     91.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        10054      0.63%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         9128      0.57%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         8403      0.53%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         7835      0.49%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         7002      0.44%     94.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         6376      0.40%     94.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         5446      0.34%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         5056      0.32%     95.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         4454      0.28%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         5130      0.32%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         3746      0.23%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         3742      0.23%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         3385      0.21%     96.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         3192      0.20%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729         2878      0.18%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         2683      0.17%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         2448      0.15%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         2169      0.14%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         1964      0.12%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         1957      0.12%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         1671      0.10%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         1328      0.08%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241         1267      0.08%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305         1176      0.07%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369          983      0.06%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433          954      0.06%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          884      0.06%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561          893      0.06%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625          852      0.05%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          764      0.05%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          720      0.05%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          747      0.05%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          652      0.04%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          554      0.03%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          635      0.04%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          603      0.04%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          531      0.03%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          518      0.03%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          523      0.03%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          599      0.04%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          579      0.04%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          547      0.03%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          510      0.03%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          467      0.03%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          497      0.03%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          473      0.03%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          534      0.03%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          482      0.03%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          376      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          525      0.03%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          422      0.03%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          560      0.04%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161         1067      0.07%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225          796      0.05%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          604      0.04%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          533      0.03%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          410      0.03%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          333      0.02%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          319      0.02%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          288      0.02%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          254      0.02%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          209      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          204      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          271      0.02%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          171      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          179      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          169      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          171      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          161      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          146      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          153      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          145      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          139      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          143      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          137      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          134      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          156      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          152      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          155      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          134      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          117      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          140      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          110      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          130      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          130      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273          127      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          139      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          131      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          121      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          105      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          117      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          113      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          125      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          114      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849           99      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          122      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          125      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          136      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          162      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          157      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          212      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          197      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          206      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          214      0.01%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          188      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          163      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          549      0.03%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          552      0.03%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          447      0.03%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          428      0.03%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          324      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          200      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           98      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           44      0.00%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           31      0.00%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          881      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8384-8385            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8704-8705            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8768-8769            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8896-8897            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9024-9025            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9216-9217            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9280-9281            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9344-9345            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9408-9409            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9472-9473            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9536-9537            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9600-9601            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9664-9665            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9728-9729            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9792-9793            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9920-9921            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::10048-10049            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::10112-10113            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::10368-10369            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::10496-10497            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::10560-10561            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::10624-10625            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::10688-10689            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::10752-10753            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::10816-10817            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::11456-11457            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::11520-11521            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::11584-11585            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::11648-11649            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::11712-11713            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::11904-11905            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::12032-12033            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::12288-12289            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::12480-12481            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::12544-12545            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::12800-12801            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::13120-13121            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::13184-13185            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::13504-13505            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::14208-14209            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1595284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  51701212221                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            186642237221                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                32237710000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              102703315000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      8018.75                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  15929.06                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28947.81                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       635.50                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       127.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               635.50                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               127.01                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.29                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.54                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  5650717                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  490231                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                38.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      83933.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    762505818                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             5683475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            5683475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1288707                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            764584                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           764584                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     14184825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               14184825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    495153024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           495153024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              495153024                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          6009458526                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        20530388032                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       522850127                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    450712230                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     10838887                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    298980186                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       268256529                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.723848                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        22556420                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       206834                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            487758025                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            2890917                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                  3930                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        490648942                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           165484903                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           1174748                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       166659651                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            653242928                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            4065665                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                  3939                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        657308593                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           242543326                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses            788724                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       243332050                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  106                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1950078258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    488065665                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2477300673                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           522850127                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    290812949                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             438860089                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        64494513                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      508169000                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       151103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     20708337                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          326                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         242543326                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       7442103                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1506052034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.644897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.902321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1067191945     70.86%     70.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         30456393      2.02%     72.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         58212121      3.87%     76.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         24876030      1.65%     78.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         40344172      2.68%     81.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         22020005      1.46%     82.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         19220224      1.28%     83.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         80855261      5.37%     89.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        162875883     10.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1506052034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.268118                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.270360                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        544435346                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     477416782                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         406811885                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      27960514                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       49427506                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     41112317                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        686956                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2452046417                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       1917853                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       49427506                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        584199787                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       149971307                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    231902022                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         394916450                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      95634961                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2415136299                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        135233                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4602123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      56902602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1698768605                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3088954265                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3050953954                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     38000311                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1432210184                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        266558386                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      8636822                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       345372                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         301297249                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    516082972                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    177605574                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     10980549                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      6648501                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2337692724                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       663666                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2230206167                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      2718574                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    318716712                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    167794968                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        42004                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1506052034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.480829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.889764                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    765131817     50.80%     50.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    182144023     12.09%     62.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    162188968     10.77%     73.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     66282869      4.40%     78.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    182525009     12.12%     90.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    101848922      6.76%     96.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     38324555      2.54%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      5303343      0.35%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2302528      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1506052034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         2129888      8.55%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       13451334     54.02%     62.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       9318819     37.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3917938      0.18%      0.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1543573386     69.21%     69.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       777845      0.03%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     69.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      9789948      0.44%     69.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            1      0.00%     69.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt      5873989      0.26%     70.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            1      0.00%     70.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      1957989      0.09%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    495825662     22.23%     92.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    168489408      7.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2230206167                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.143650                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            24900041                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5934599404                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2627006752                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2163852668                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     59483573                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     30102879                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     29712214                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2221446463                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        29741807                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     29082756                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     93170253                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       293491                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        44806                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     37384801                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11511                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      2481905                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       49427506                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       104887699                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       4927270                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2377903079                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      3580602                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     516082972                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    177605574                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       344578                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        2369948                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        654444                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        44806                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      7180434                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      3941351                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     11121785                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2215427451                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     491274211                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     14778710                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              39546689                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            657935546                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        473235856                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          166661335                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.136071                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2200180154                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2193564882                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1236313911                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1633010504                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.124860                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.757077                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    330726352                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       621662                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     10168879                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1456624528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.393904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.298222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    889201672     61.05%     61.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    179211391     12.30%     73.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     60887116      4.18%     77.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     37327210      2.56%     80.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    126664823      8.70%     88.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     23166691      1.59%     90.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     42276902      2.90%     93.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     41836421      2.87%     96.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     56052302      3.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1456624528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2030394775                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2030394775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              563133487                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             422912714                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              310778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          439677549                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           29375871                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1971857062                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     16328100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      56052302                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3744149489                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4771816805                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 3771451                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               444026224                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.975039                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.975039                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.025600                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.025600                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2866091993                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1553042417                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          19923787                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         19579920                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         4617123                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2579545                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              1148                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1148                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008759                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008759                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                 1420287120                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  517336298                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         11035819.184993                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         3044160.000053                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          14079979.185046                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 539                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 539                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 2635041.038961                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 959807.602968                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.733005                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.266995                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            5754.739005                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1       618772                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2       618772                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1     70029036                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2     70029036                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6387679                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 129233.665277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    22090464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6515727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.390330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    26816.931738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   163.142208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 101661.690655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         12.940898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        578.959778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.204597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.001245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.775617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.004417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.985975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        16308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4683404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 4699712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         17965967                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total              17965967                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13893228                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              13893228                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         16308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      18576632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 18592940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        16308                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     18576632                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                18592940                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5678107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               5683475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       764584                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              764584                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      6442691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6448059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5368                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      6442691                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6448059                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    426355944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 333603439597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    334029795541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  48416002470                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   48416002470                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    426355944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 382019442067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     382445798011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    426355944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 382019442067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    382445798011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        21676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10361511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            10383187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     17965967                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          17965967                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14657812                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          14657812                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        21676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     25019323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             25040999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        21676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     25019323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            25040999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.247647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.548000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.547373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052162                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.052162                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.247647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.257509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.257500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.247647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.257509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.257500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79425.473920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58752.580675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58772.106069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63323.326763                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63323.326763                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79425.473920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59295.012296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59311.770877                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79425.473920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59295.012296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59311.770877                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1288707                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1288707                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5678107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          5683475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       764584                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         764584                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6442691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6448059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6442691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6448059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    385633254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 289874626901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 290260260155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  42535947204                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42535947204                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    385633254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 332410574105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 332796207359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    385633254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 332410574105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 332796207359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.247647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.548000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.547373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.247647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.257509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.257500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.247647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.257509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.257500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71839.279806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51051.279397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51070.913509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55632.797971                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55632.797971                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71839.279806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51594.989439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51611.842782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71839.279806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51594.989439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51611.842782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  4238600703                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           10383187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          10383187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         17965967                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         14657812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        14657812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        43352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     68004613                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              68047965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1387264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2751058560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         2752445824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            2752445824                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        26286653700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          22743278                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       25933305649                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2952261974                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 14780589.626789                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  14780589.626789                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             21676                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 4096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           841543136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             25772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          32653.388794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  2263.314969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1832.685031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.552567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.447433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    242518905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       242518905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    242518905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        242518905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    242518905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       242518905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        24411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         24411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        24411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          24411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        24411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         24411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    675114794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    675114794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    675114794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    675114794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    675114794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    675114794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    242543316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    242543316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    242543316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    242543316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    242543316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    242543316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27656.171152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27656.171152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27656.171152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27656.171152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27656.171152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27656.171152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8507                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                49                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   173.612245                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2735                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2735                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        21676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        21676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        21676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    497030882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    497030882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    497030882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    497030882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    497030882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    497030882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22930.009319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22930.009319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22930.009319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22930.009319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22930.009319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22930.009319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1198                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           35                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.292480                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.008545                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         1610623530                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          339713044                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 27882166.619975                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 3076542.000096                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  30958708.620072                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          336                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          336                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 4793522.410714                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 1011050.726190                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.825818                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.174182                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     238.410640                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        11760                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        11760                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1        96765                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1       294003                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2       390768                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       973728                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       973728                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1   287.991071                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          24794156                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          3070.457726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           556267234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          24797054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             22.432795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  3062.561794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     7.895932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.747696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.749623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    430663312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       430663312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    120565937                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      120565937                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       316243                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       316243                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    551229249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        551229249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    551229249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       551229249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     25328566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      25328566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19344058                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     19344058                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     44672624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       44672624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     44672624                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      44672624                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 981356576277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 981356576277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 339126629460                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 339126629460                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1612447                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1612447                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1320483205737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1320483205737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1320483205737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1320483205737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    455991878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    455991878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    139909995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    139909995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       316328                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       316328                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    595901873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    595901873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    595901873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    595901873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.138261                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.138261                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000269                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000269                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38745.050797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38745.050797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17531.307519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17531.307519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18969.964706                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18969.964706                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29559.114453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29559.114453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29559.114453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29559.114453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     26105875                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           3151660                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.283214                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     17965967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          17965967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     14966727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     14966727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4686659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      4686659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19653386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     19653386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19653386                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     19653386                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10361839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10361839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14657399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     14657399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     25019238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     25019238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     25019238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     25019238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 357277305393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 357277305393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109040419366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 109040419366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1489115                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1489115                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 466317724759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 466317724759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 466317724759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 466317724759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.104763                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104763                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000269                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000269                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34480.105838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34480.105838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7439.274824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7439.274824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        17519                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        17519                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18638.366395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18638.366395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18638.366395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18638.366395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
