
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.285432                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1285432352500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1785479891000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 150090                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   150090                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               64310062                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2339008                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 19988.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000004                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1367556800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1367578816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        22016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    582304576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       582304576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     21368075                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            21368419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       9098509                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            9098509                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        17127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1063888580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1063905707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        17127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            17127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       453002894                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            453002894                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       453002894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        17127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1063888580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1516908601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    21368419                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    9098509                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  21368419                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  9098509                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1367578816                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               582304576                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1367578816                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            582304576                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1335925                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1335604                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1338288                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1334322                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1334917                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1333920                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1335035                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1334266                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1334970                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1334959                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1337125                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1336700                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1335831                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1336497                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1334442                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1335618                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              568480                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              568450                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              568438                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              568589                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              568813                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              568931                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              569201                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              568882                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              569042                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              568807                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             568726                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             568523                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             568392                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             568531                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             568239                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             568465                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1285432199500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              21368419                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              9098509                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6999490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 6568438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 5158231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                 2642245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  317258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  392009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  395588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  395588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  395588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  395588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  395588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  395588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  395587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  395587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 395587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 395587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 395587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 395587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 395587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 395587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 395587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 395587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 395587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 395587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 395587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 395587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 395587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  78330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   3579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples     15044016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.606426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.379507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   330.079196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65     11136186     74.02%     74.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       741492      4.93%     78.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193      1722032     11.45%     90.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257       722823      4.80%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321       173937      1.16%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        91251      0.61%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        50051      0.33%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        35116      0.23%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        59646      0.40%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        83268      0.55%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        53463      0.36%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        47437      0.32%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        10225      0.07%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         4470      0.03%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         4311      0.03%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         6679      0.04%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         5368      0.04%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         5289      0.04%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         6292      0.04%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         4558      0.03%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         4567      0.03%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         4790      0.03%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         9813      0.07%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         2661      0.02%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         3146      0.02%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         3759      0.02%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729         2222      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         1173      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         1339      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         1726      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          790      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          869      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          984      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         3539      0.02%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241          675      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          581      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369          620      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433          492      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          520      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561          739      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625          777      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          671      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          603      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          569      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          455      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          409      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          295      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073         2601      0.02%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          192      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          269      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          210      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          298      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          351      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          199      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          191      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          232      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          237      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          163      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          111      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           76      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          165      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           53      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           40      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           50      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           87      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225          120      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          106      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          138      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           96      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           94      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           68      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          155      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           97      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          175      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          125      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          217      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          400      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          176      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           47      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           57      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           64      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249         1226      0.01%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          110      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          102      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           74      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          132      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          120      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           69      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697           69      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761         3803      0.03%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          218      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           14      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953           20      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           22      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           19      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           15      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           22      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           20      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337           24      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           14      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465           27      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529           22      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           29      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657           21      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           25      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           22      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849           19      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          333      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977         1389      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041         5234      0.03%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105           15      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           27      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233           11      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          250      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           31      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           12      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489           14      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           12      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617           10      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           14      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           18      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           21      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            8      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           56      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            7      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           12      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           70      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         9876      0.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total     15044016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 510438404750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            1233538972250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               106842095000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              616258472500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23887.51                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  28839.68                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                57727.20                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1063.91                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       453.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1063.91                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               453.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        11.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.96                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.45                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  9268677                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 6154227                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 43.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                67.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      42191.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1516908601                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            12297010                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           12297010                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           9098509                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           9071409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          9071409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     51835347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               51835347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1949883392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1949883392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1949883392                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         51627500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       101300112250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        51089468                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     37467495                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       134050                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     38523712                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        31757041                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     82.435049                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         5446028                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           15                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            667270649                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             363708                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        667634357                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           169723826                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            333631                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       170057457                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            836994475                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             697339                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        837691814                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           300296639                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                70                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       300296709                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   17                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               2570906732                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    334531548                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3471269115                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            51089468                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     37203069                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             481823475                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       141271964                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     1363221347                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1856                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         300296639                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      13451077                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2273118250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.527096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.068431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1791294775     78.80%     78.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         12447246      0.55%     79.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         19733673      0.87%     80.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         11737244      0.52%     80.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         14835320      0.65%     81.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         12578483      0.55%     81.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6510149      0.29%     82.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          9002678      0.40%     82.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        394978682     17.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2273118250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.019872                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.350212                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        470532092                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    1262304263                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         388412465                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      58329663                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       93539766                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      8172355                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           138                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3194105083                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           522                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       93539766                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        542893672                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       678536370                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    177858203                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         366769463                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     413520775                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2980349959                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       6387371                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      146489944                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     245036887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2726952428                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4543026040                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1216895539                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   3326130501                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1784004519                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        942947894                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts     10399783                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts           67                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         953874053                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    727068197                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    179243552                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6098601                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2047170                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2549793308                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           96                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2284182216                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     41739888                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    549770345                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    675335463                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           35                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2273118250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.004867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.416527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1212005242     53.32%     53.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    457320672     20.12%     73.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    272154293     11.97%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    159505526      7.02%     92.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     90231394      3.97%     96.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     54230278      2.39%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     22826803      1.00%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3753740      0.17%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1090302      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2273118250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          107118      0.01%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult          11601      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          2565      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp         29473      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            42      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult   1002713220     49.37%     49.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv    1014676813     49.96%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       10735728      0.53%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       2841793      0.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      5197188      0.23%      0.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     601089837     26.32%     26.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2859952      0.13%     26.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     26.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    339718202     14.87%     41.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      7841778      0.34%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     13874518      0.61%     42.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    240102387     10.51%     53.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv    198837436      8.70%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    704128594     30.83%     92.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    170532324      7.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2284182216                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.888473                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt          2031118353                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.889210                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4039440186                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1025454803                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    832346757                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   4874900737                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   2074115539                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1254786151                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      876424041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      3433679340                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21574042                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    201847685                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       211912                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6595                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     10766740                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked    142184647                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       93539766                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       205492333                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      18614911                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2561561862                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      8646899                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     727068197                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    179243552                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           63                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       10648531                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        652734                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         6595                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91032                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        43032                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       134064                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2223840489                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     667634357                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     60341727                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              11768458                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            837691814                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         48120569                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          170057457                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.865002                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2087876425                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2087132908                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1155115407                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1302036089                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.811828                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.887161                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    548155032                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           61                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       133916                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2179578484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.922990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.141371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1639422000     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    177128485      8.13%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    100469757      4.61%     87.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     48571136      2.23%     90.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     28117567      1.29%     91.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     20943877      0.96%     92.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     18015215      0.83%     93.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     12616600      0.58%     93.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    134293847      6.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2179578484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2011729326                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2011729326                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              693697322                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             525220512                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  22                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           47766021                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1241535561                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1225659477                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      5444556                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     134293847                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4602782299                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5213308848                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 3787696                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               297788482                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000003                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.285453                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.285453                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.777936                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.777936                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1628861394                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       728982352                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1633619176                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1138023551                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        49120829                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2598638                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1               297                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               297                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.009064                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.009064                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 3570959763                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         24170977.248762                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          24170977.248762                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            2315.546190                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  21368452                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32212.976088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    76890445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  21400894                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.592861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14183.414424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.545475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 18020.308839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          8.707349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.432843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.549936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.983062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     36297564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                36297564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         49662838                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total              49662838                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     40388451                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              40388451                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      76686015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 76686015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     76686015                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                76686015                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12296666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              12297010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9071409                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             9071409                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     21368075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               21368419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     21368075                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              21368419                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24640000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1128835861000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1128860501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 821959380250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  821959380250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24640000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1950795241250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1950819881250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24640000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1950795241250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1950819881250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48594230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            48594574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     49662838                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          49662838                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49459860                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          49459860                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     98054090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             98054434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     98054090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            98054434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.253048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.253053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.183410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.183410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.217921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.217924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.217921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.217924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71627.906977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91800.156319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91799.592015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90609.890950                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90609.890950                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71627.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91294.851841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91294.535232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71627.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91294.851841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91294.535232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              9098509                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   9098509                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12296666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         12297010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9071409                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        9071409                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21368075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          21368419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21368075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         21368419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     20690000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 987631394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 987652084000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 717830734750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 717830734750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     20690000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1705462128750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1705482818750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     20690000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1705462128750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1705482818750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.253048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.253053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.183410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.183410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.217921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.217924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.217921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.217924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60145.348837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80317.005764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80316.441476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79131.117862                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79131.117862                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60145.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79813.559656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79813.243027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60145.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79813.559656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79813.243027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  7354650277                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           48594574                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          48594574                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         49662838                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         49459860                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        49459860                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    245771018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             245771706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        22016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   9453883392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         9453905408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            9453905408                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       123521474000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              9.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            599000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      152045359000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            11.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         3570959782                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 7828733.314938                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  7828733.314938                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               235                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           931.842928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1300372560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1054641.167883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   107.878578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   823.964350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.105350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.804653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.910003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    300296114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       300296114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    300296114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        300296114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    300296114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       300296114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35949750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35949750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35949750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     35949750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35949750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     35949750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    300296638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    300296638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    300296638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    300296638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    300296638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    300296638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68606.393130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68606.393130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68606.393130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68606.393130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68606.393130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68606.393130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          100                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          180                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          180                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24986000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24986000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24986000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24986000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24986000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24986000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72633.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72633.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72633.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72633.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72633.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72633.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           70                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.068359                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.002930                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         3570959776                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 15523432.747612                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  15523432.747612                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      77.955970                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          98054090                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           783385572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          98055111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              7.989238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1017.371812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     3.628188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.993527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.003543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    458489404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       458489404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    108138684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      108138684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    566628088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        566628088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    566628088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       566628088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     52099066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      52099066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     60338104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     60338104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    112437170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      112437170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    112437170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     112437170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1537729207000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1537729207000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1755127324744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1755127324744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       166500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       166500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3292856531744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3292856531744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3292856531744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3292856531744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    510588470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    510588470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    168476788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    168476788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    679065258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    679065258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    679065258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    679065258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.102037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.102037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.358139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.358139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.165576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.165576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.165576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.165576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29515.485114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29515.485114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29088.208087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29088.208087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        83250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29286.191850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29286.191850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29286.191850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29286.191850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    569107164                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs          22879096                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.874548                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     49662838                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          49662838                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3504801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3504801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10878281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     10878281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     14383082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     14383082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     14383082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     14383082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     48594265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     48594265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49459823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     49459823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     98054088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     98054088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     98054088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     98054088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1268330678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1268330678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 966752219984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 966752219984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       161500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       161500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2235082897984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2235082897984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2235082897984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2235082897984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.293571                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293571                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.144396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.144396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26100.419010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26100.419010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19546.212690                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19546.212690                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        80750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22794.387706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22794.387706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22794.387706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22794.387706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
