
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.821470                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                821470211500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1321522716000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 305971                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   305971                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               83782121                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2335388                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9804.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000004                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1042630592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1042704896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         74304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    330035264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       330035264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     16291103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            16292264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       5156801                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            5156801                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        90452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1269225076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1269315529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        90452                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            90452                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       401761694                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            401761694                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       401761694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        90452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1269225076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1671077223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    16292264                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    5156801                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  16292264                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  5156801                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1042704896                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               330035264                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1042704896                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            330035264                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    530                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1038539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1036961                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1029491                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1024750                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1016963                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1008087                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1003442                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1002939                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1000447                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1002101                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1007270                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1017080                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1019634                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1026423                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1025853                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1031754                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              326522                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              325095                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              323687                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              325247                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              324564                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              321357                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              320532                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              321118                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              319279                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              319935                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             319014                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             322952                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             320700                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             322573                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             320386                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             323840                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  821469779000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              16292264                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              5156801                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 7063445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 4958292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 3152296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                 1117661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  189949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  223429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  224180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  224207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  224209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  224209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  224209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  224209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  224209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  224209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 224209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 224209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 224209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 224209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 224209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 224209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 224209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 224208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 224208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 224208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 224208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 224208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 224208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  34260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5248019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    261.564114                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.075682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   561.126435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65      3553909     67.72%     67.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       358498      6.83%     74.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193       149198      2.84%     77.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257       108486      2.07%     79.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        91500      1.74%     81.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        80713      1.54%     82.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        71997      1.37%     84.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        72036      1.37%     85.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        52838      1.01%     86.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        53781      1.02%     87.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        73540      1.40%     88.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        68512      1.31%     90.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        38007      0.72%     90.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        26955      0.51%     91.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        75320      1.44%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025       150135      2.86%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         8826      0.17%     95.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         8899      0.17%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217        10221      0.19%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281        17309      0.33%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345        26058      0.50%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409        33685      0.64%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        30553      0.58%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537        12984      0.25%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         7984      0.15%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         4356      0.08%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729         2038      0.04%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         1398      0.03%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         1342      0.03%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         1303      0.02%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         4479      0.09%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         2272      0.04%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         1085      0.02%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         1066      0.02%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241         1131      0.02%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305         1141      0.02%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369         1171      0.02%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433         1136      0.02%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         1025      0.02%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561         2394      0.05%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625         2070      0.04%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          920      0.02%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          948      0.02%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817         1172      0.02%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881         1360      0.03%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945         1567      0.03%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009         1665      0.03%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073         1377      0.03%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          959      0.02%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          853      0.02%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          642      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          567      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          506      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          472      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          455      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          391      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          393      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          337      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          323      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          337      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          269      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          273      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          474      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          449      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          375      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225          269      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          238      0.00%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          327      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          292      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          311      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          303      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          292      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          229      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          232      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          233      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          229      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          225      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          232      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          339      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          181      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          255      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          390      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          207      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          178      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          187      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          164      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          155      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          189      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          195      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          195      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          215      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          181      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          209      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          546      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          540      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          173      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          157      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273          164      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          157      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          131      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          157      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          138      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          145      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          122      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          176      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          177      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          181      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          167      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          186      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          453      0.01%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          210      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          131      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          118      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297           97      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           78      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          105      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          104      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           83      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617           72      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           78      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           83      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           75      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           90      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           97      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           90      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           74      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           83      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         7458      0.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8320-8321            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8384-8385            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8768-8769            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8832-8833            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8896-8897            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8960-8961            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9024-9025            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9344-9345            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9408-9409            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9472-9473            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9536-9537            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5248019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 236260107750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            652623141500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                81458670000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              334904363750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14501.84                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  20556.70                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                40058.54                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1269.32                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       401.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1269.32                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               401.76                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        13.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.79                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.53                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 12076790                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 4123709                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 74.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      38298.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1671077223                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            12283391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           12283391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           5156801                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4008873                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4008873                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     37741329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               37741329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1372740160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1372740160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1372740160                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         31351736500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        77192480500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        70397496                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     70032061                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       505112                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     69749264                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        69473459                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.604576                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS            1329                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           80                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            692996538                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1117409                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        694113947                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           107408617                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            157862                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       107566479                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            800405155                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1275271                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        801680426                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           214695403                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               176                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       214695579                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1642966795                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    224362466                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2438048507                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            70397496                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     69474788                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             352284004                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        47441185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      728932153                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2482                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           87                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         214695403                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       5065176                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1337239378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.823195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.226428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        984955374     73.66%     73.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         12025327      0.90%     74.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         13661336      1.02%     75.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          8085520      0.60%     76.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         31513033      2.36%     78.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          8045652      0.60%     79.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          9806302      0.73%     79.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3848928      0.29%     80.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        265297906     19.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1337239378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.042848                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.483930                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        299883635                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     663824401                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         282239302                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      59634575                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       31657464                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       359704                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           605                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2368753852                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          2137                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       31657464                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        335078776                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       472389884                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        53730                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         300221641                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     197837882                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2297618921                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       4224840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       13393842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     164885248                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2102862259                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3609544974                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2353130701                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   1256414273                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1834106825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        268755384                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1083                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          872                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         491905395                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    715936631                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    120618271                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13532477                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     11692753                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2197243944                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1560                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2117255560                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7890385                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    197232389                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    217549508                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          311                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1337239378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.583303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.779363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    576063006     43.08%     43.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    181024835     13.54%     56.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    190380576     14.24%     70.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    157470700     11.78%     82.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    128336233      9.60%     92.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     65864000      4.93%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     27043067      2.02%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10321549      0.77%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       735412      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1337239378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            7542      0.01%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult        4839349      6.25%      6.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      6.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        758449      0.98%      7.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      7.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      7.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     37221634     48.06%     55.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv      15600403     20.14%     75.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt      8101413     10.46%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       10572002     13.65%     99.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        352438      0.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            2      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     773293919     36.52%     36.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    210709966      9.95%     46.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     46.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    152813545      7.22%     53.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            8      0.00%     53.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        21716      0.00%     53.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    146332008      6.91%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     14806027      0.70%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt      1598158      0.08%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    710071265     33.54%     94.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    107608946      5.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2117255560                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.288678                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            77453230                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.036582                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4228821940                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1540409562                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1402895321                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   1428272168                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    854070755                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    635179661                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1448939734                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       745769054                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9713536                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     77461218                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4615                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2473                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     13653583                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     46954880                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       31657464                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       300472221                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       9804030                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2198039859                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      5061793                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     715936631                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    120618271                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3220360                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       1149611                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         2473                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       507026                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6254                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       513280                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2087712715                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     694113958                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     29542840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                794355                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            801680440                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         60715963                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          107566482                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.270697                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2039648002                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2038074982                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1401706123                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1605426267                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.240485                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.873105                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    192663437                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1249                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       504521                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1305581914                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.532443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.770419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    879125285     67.34%     67.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    112288302      8.60%     75.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     32770444      2.51%     78.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     37943710      2.91%     81.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     26345065      2.02%     83.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     23264420      1.78%     85.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     21720791      1.66%     86.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     19949364      1.53%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    152174533     11.66%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1305581914                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2000729238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2000729238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              745440075                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             638475390                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           58929454                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          630739835                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1689204963                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls          970                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     152174533                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3343131222                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4418447775                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 4381769                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               305727417                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000003                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.821483                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.821483                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.217310                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.217310                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2555837117                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1313508010                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         702500240                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        556742208                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads            1435                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           1249                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1               282                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               282                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008606                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008606                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                 1388439382                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  248876911                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         4080481.048660                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         766707.509694                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          4847188.558354                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 210                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 209                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 6611616.104762                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 1190798.617225                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.847997                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.152003                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            1688.462999                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        59220                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        58938                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1      6822060                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2      6789574                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  16285923                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32225.253180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     8859178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  16318211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.542901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6678.740396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     1.844482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 25475.630253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         69.038049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.203819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.777455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.002107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.983437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5278170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5278177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          7439781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               7439781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1300119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1300119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       6578289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6578296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6578289                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6578296                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12282230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              12283391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4008873                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4008873                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     16291103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16292264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     16291103                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16292264                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74901750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 905142253250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    905217155000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 293094755500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  293094755500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74901750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1198237008750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1198311910500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74901750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1198237008750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1198311910500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17560400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            17561568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7439781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           7439781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5308992                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           5308992                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22869392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             22870560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22869392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            22870560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.699428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.699447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.755110                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.755110                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.712354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.712368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.712354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.712368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64514.857881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73695.269772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73694.402059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73111.509270                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73111.509270                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64514.857881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73551.619479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73550.975512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64514.857881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73551.619479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73550.975512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              5156801                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   5156801                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12282230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         12283391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4008873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4008873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16291103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          16292264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16291103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         16292264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     61569250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 764171818750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 764233388000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 247109033500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 247109033500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     61569250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1011280852250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1011342421500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     61569250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1011280852250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1011342421500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.699428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.699447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.755110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.712354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.712368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.712354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.712368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53031.223084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62217.676981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62216.808697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61640.524282                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61640.524282                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53031.223084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62075.652720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62075.008206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53031.223084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62075.652720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62075.008206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2361451209                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           17561568                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          17561568                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          7439781                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          5308992                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         5308992                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     53178565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              53180901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        74752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1939787072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1939861824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1939861824                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        22594951500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2032750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       38176947750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2643045430                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 5597109.146525                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  5597109.146525                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              1168                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           781947379                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          356727.818887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   431.208910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   592.791090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.421102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.578898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    214693654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       214693654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    214693654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        214693654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    214693654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       214693654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121954997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    121954997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121954997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    121954997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121954997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    121954997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    214695403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    214695403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    214695403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    214695403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    214695403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    214695403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69728.414523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69728.414523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69728.414523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69728.414523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69728.414523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69728.414523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          850                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           26                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    60.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           26                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          581                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          581                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76099997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76099997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76099997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76099997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76099997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76099997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65154.107021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65154.107021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65154.107021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65154.107021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65154.107021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65154.107021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           76                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            6                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.074219                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.005859                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         1467018399                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          173911508                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 15026528.970277                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 1245870.000105                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  16272398.970383                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          371                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          371                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 3954227.490566                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 468764.172507                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.894016                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.105984                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      60.808287                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1         2226                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2         2226                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1         9204                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1        16766                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        25970                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       351708                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       351708                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1    24.808625                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          22844123                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           954.827681                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           680772835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          22845071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             29.799550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   954.662673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.165008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.932288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.932449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    596686035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       596686035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     82224028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       82224028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    678910063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        678910063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    678910063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       678910063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     39822918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      39822918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     24740033                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     24740033                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     64562951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       64562951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     64562951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      64562951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2214676727250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2214676727250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1487367372902                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1487367372902                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1808500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1808500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3702044100152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3702044100152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3702044100152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3702044100152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    636508953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    636508953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    106964061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    106964061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          630                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          630                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    743473014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    743473014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    743473014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    743473014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.231293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.231293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.033333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55613.120245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55613.120245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60119.862124                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60119.862124                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86119.047619                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86119.047619                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57340.069542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57340.069542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57340.069542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57340.069542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    196886106                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           3579134                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    55.009426                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7439781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7439781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     22262539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     22262539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19431041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     19431041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     41693580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     41693580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     41693580                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     41693580                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17560379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17560379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5308992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      5308992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22869371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     22869371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22869371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     22869371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 935006039750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 935006039750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 301199974209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 301199974209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1758500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1758500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1236206013959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1236206013959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1236206013959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1236206013959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049633                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049633                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53245.208418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53245.208418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56733.928815                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56733.928815                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83738.095238                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83738.095238                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54055.094649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54055.094649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54055.094649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54055.094649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
