
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.389709                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                389709469098                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               722734909965                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 285759                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   285759                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               37121051                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2353684                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10498.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        44608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      8221312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            8265920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        44608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         44608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      4177728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         4177728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       128458                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              129155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         65277                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              65277                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       114465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     21096003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              21210467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       114465                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           114465                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        10720109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             10720109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        10720109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       114465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     21096003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             31930576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      129155                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      65277                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    129155                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    65277                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                    8265920                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 4177728                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd              8265920                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr              4177728                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    156                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0                5538                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1                4978                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2                4528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3                5287                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4                4413                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5                6710                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               12699                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               14443                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               17471                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               15179                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10               7911                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11               6629                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12               6719                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13               5788                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14               5322                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15               5384                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0                3349                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1                3239                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2                2929                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3                2949                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4                2858                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5                3577                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6                4783                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7                5563                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8                6565                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9                6711                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10               4563                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11               4181                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12               3844                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13               3578                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14               3343                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15               3245                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  389307249054                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                129155                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                65277                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  109882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   15510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                    2524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                    2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                    2839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                    2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                    2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                    2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                    2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                    2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                    2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                    2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                   2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                   2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                   2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                   2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                   2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   2838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        36168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    343.085158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   159.695304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   698.479114                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        16430     45.43%     45.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129         5358     14.81%     60.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         2992      8.27%     68.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         1621      4.48%     73.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         1161      3.21%     76.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         1270      3.51%     79.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449          826      2.28%     82.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513          727      2.01%     84.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577          603      1.67%     85.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641          506      1.40%     87.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705          412      1.14%     88.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769          403      1.11%     89.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833          352      0.97%     90.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897          310      0.86%     91.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961          248      0.69%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          255      0.71%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          248      0.69%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          239      0.66%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          200      0.55%     94.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          183      0.51%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          141      0.39%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          131      0.36%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          222      0.61%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          219      0.61%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           79      0.22%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           94      0.26%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           54      0.15%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           62      0.17%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           40      0.11%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           28      0.08%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           25      0.07%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           44      0.12%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           31      0.09%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           22      0.06%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           30      0.08%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           29      0.08%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           18      0.05%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           18      0.05%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           17      0.05%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           17      0.05%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           12      0.03%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           11      0.03%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            9      0.02%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           11      0.03%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           15      0.04%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           15      0.04%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            8      0.02%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           16      0.04%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            6      0.02%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           11      0.03%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            6      0.02%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            5      0.01%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            6      0.02%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            4      0.01%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           11      0.03%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            7      0.02%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            5      0.01%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            3      0.01%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           10      0.03%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            5      0.01%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            4      0.01%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            6      0.02%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           12      0.03%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            5      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.01%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           13      0.04%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           10      0.03%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            7      0.02%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            9      0.02%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.00%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            3      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            3      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            3      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            4      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            3      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            3      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            5      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            4      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            4      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            3      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            6      0.02%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313           11      0.03%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            3      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            7      0.02%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            7      0.02%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            3      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            6      0.02%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           30      0.08%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            7      0.02%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            4      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.00%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            7      0.02%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           31      0.09%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            4      0.01%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            3      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            2      0.01%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.01%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            5      0.01%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            5      0.01%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           24      0.07%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            2      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            2      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           18      0.05%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        36168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1076403380                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              3813460880                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  644995000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                2092062500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      8344.28                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  16217.66                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29561.94                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        21.21                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        10.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                21.21                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                10.72                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      11.65                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   111902                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   46203                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                70.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2002279.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     31930576                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               75423                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              75423                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             65277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             53732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            53732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       323587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 323587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12443648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            12443648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               12443648                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           238643784                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          411412227                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        56807824                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     53132825                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      2922329                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     36877093                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        34907714                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.659614                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          895266                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         2929                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            579435634                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             923147                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     4                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        580358781                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           228800795                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            153784                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       228954579                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            808236429                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1076931                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     4                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        809313360                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           163642143                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              3664                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       163645807                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   14                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1170299388                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    327145971                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2129908182                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            56807824                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     35802980                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             287076563                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        15779854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      533169980                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        28391                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           20                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         163642143                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       2003083                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1159961785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.836188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.291279                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        872885222     75.25%     75.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4258430      0.37%     75.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          5925509      0.51%     76.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          3962262      0.34%     76.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          6630115      0.57%     77.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         12084523      1.04%     78.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          7976684      0.69%     78.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          2803551      0.24%     79.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        243435489     20.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1159961785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048541                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.819969                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        388012798                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     473823824                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         283136749                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2459399                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       12529014                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      2749140                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         11674                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2119508358                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         32565                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       12529014                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        418776110                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       243157325                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles         5952                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         254451167                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     231042216                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2110594211                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       39191886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     186277704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1822832604                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3315640414                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    773702193                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   2541938221                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1732015272                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         90817280                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          400                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts           85                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         520291407                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    587567165                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    231076992                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    135017419                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     17510344                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2092652360                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          113                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2055946064                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       795303                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     91769923                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69743571                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           67                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1159961785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.772426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.581576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    292758721     25.24%     25.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    292132521     25.18%     50.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    239430459     20.64%     71.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    167423378     14.43%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     97365008      8.39%     93.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     44085336      3.80%     97.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     17930913      1.55%     99.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      5473291      0.47%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3362158      0.29%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1159961785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         5640164      0.51%      0.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        203660      0.02%      0.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp           154      0.00%      0.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult    457602549     41.16%     41.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv     369859929     33.26%     74.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt    274154685     24.66%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        3507159      0.32%     99.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        896429      0.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          128      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     436965884     21.25%     21.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       175800      0.01%     21.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     21.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    420114864     20.43%     41.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      5587114      0.27%     41.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       558517      0.03%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    322670444     15.69%     57.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     29487644      1.43%     59.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt     28925435      1.41%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    582269765     28.32%     88.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    229190469     11.15%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2055946064                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.756769                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt          1111864729                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.540804                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2234443351                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    621975552                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    524601263                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   4150070591                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   1562516500                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1520206424                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      540787739                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      2627022926                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     91652820                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     25423362                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10872                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        70556                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3701493                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        61867                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       12529014                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        35551481                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      10549302                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2095592103                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1145563                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     587567165                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    231076992                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           84                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        8532830                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         14090                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        70556                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1718768                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1569031                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      3287799                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2052344135                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     580359352                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      3601926                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               2939630                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            809313931                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         46865563                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          228954579                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.753692                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2047031484                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2044807687                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1482733576                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1869258477                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.747252                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.793220                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     87077933                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           46                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2910683                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1147432771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.745151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.735796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    674012751     58.74%     58.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    119158037     10.38%     69.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     59257921      5.16%     74.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     52595954      4.58%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     35857378      3.13%     82.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     40169785      3.50%     85.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     25946665      2.26%     87.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     16451498      1.43%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    123982782     10.81%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1147432771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2002442910                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2002442910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              789519272                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             562143784                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  16                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           41279967                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1514954274                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1195537332                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       680125                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     123982782                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3110058052                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4191609276                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  144883                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                10337603                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000005                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.585150                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.585150                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.708964                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.708964                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1439994194                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       471756819                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1788865469                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1299313546                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          814949                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes             96                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              3985                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1110                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.030403                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008469                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                  777630303                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  390053100                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         2005202.583053                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         1001280.000026                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          3006482.583079                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 140                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 140                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 5554502.164286                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 2786093.571429                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.665960                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.334040                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            6028.810117                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1       155400                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2       155400                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1           85                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1        183316                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2         185611                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1     18011279                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2     18009069                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1     0.607143                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    106054                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 128371.874919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10535173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    235216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     44.789355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    100654.503070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   424.187961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 17254.891106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        181.625822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       9856.666961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.767933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.003236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.131644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.075200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.979400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5350976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5350976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          3376745                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               3376745                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       291270                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                291270                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       5642246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  5642246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5642246                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 5642246                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 75423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        53732                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               53732                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       128458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 129155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       128458                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                129155                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50109051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4205225170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4255334221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3479386034                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3479386034                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50109051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7684611204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       7734720255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50109051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7684611204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      7734720255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5425702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5426399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3376745                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           3376745                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       345002                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            345002                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5770704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              5771401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5770704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             5771401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.013899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.155744                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.155744                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.022378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.022378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71892.469154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56275.261221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56419.583164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64754.448634                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64754.448634                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71892.469154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59821.974529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59887.114359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71892.469154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59821.974529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59887.114359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                65277                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     65277                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            75423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        53732                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          53732                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       128458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            129155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       128458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           129155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44777967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3629439656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3674217623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3065643718                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3065643718                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44777967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6695083374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6739861341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44777967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6695083374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6739861341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.013899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.155744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.155744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.022378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.022378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64243.855093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48569.971041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48714.816740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57054.338532                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57054.338532                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64243.855093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52118.851095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52184.285092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64243.855093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52118.851095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52184.285092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  1502353395                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5426399                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5426399                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          3376745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           345002                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          345002                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14918153                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              14919547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    585436736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          585481344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             585481344                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5295244788                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            815973                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        5783383997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2170375102                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 9972352.138676                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  9972352.138676                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                94                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          3053.464189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1163711538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              3357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          346652.230563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   453.978438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2599.485751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.110835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.634640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.745475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    163641143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       163641143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    163641143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        163641143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    163641143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       163641143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     71107744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71107744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     71107744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71107744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     71107744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71107744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    163642142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    163642142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    163642142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    163642142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    163642142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    163642142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71178.922923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71178.922923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71178.922923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71178.922923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71178.922923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71178.922923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          290                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           44                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    96.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           44                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          302                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          302                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50814678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50814678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50814678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50814678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50814678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50814678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72904.846485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72904.846485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72904.846485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72904.846485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72904.846485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72904.846485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1246                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           37                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.304199                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.009033                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         1020420288                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          152019800                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 32162415.662220                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 5013623.997379                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  37176039.659599                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          534                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          534                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 1910899.415730                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 284681.273408                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.870339                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.129661                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     233.272741                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        19758                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        19758                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1       168434                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1       477172                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2       645606                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1      1521900                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2      1521900                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1   315.419476                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           5433642                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2931.627212                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           698711868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           5436492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            128.522560                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2928.913170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     2.714042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.715067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.715729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    469175465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       469175465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    225780577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      225780577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    694956042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        694956042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    694956042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       694956042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18548277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      18548277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1594891                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1594891                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     20143168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       20143168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     20143168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      20143168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  97509140347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97509140347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30176733030                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  30176733030                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        34965                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        34965                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 127685873377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 127685873377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 127685873377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 127685873377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    487723742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    487723742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    227375468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    227375468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    715099210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    715099210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    715099210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    715099210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.411765                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.411765                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5257.045727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5257.045727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18920.874862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18920.874862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         4995                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4995                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6338.917164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6338.917164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6338.917164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6338.917164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       382705                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              9351                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    40.926639                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3376745                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3376745                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     13122109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     13122109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1250362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1250362                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     14372471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     14372471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     14372471                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     14372471                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5426168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5426168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       344529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       344529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5770697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      5770697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5770697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      5770697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25127544386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25127544386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4672135927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4672135927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        25641                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        25641                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29799680313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29799680313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29799680313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29799680313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001515                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001515                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.411765                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411765                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4630.808406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4630.808406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13560.936603                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13560.936603                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5163.965516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5163.965516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5163.965516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5163.965516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
