
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.023855                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1023854800653                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1356886461294                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 197630                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   197630                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               67448189                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2354724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15179.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1304652224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1304674240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        22016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    587868096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       587868096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     20385191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            20385535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       9185439                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            9185439                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        21503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1274255122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1274276625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        21503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            21503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       574171353                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            574171353                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       574171353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        21503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1274255122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1848447978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    20385535                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    9185439                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  20385535                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  9185439                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1304674240                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               587868096                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1304674240                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            587868096                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1274347                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1274327                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1274240                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1273669                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1273836                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1273884                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1274663                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1273663                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1274210                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1273817                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1274097                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1274293                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1274160                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1274214                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1273812                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1274303                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              573819                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              573840                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              573979                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              574068                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              574195                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              574261                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              574552                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              574229                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              574412                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              574282                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             574197                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             574100                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             573962                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             573995                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             573694                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             573854                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1023854713407                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              20385535                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              9185439                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6246498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 6369478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 4744088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                 3025455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  214067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  371214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  399237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  399357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  399367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  399367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  399367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  399367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  399367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  399367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 399367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 399367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 399367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 399367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 399367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 399367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 399367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 399367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 399367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 399367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 399367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 399366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 399366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 185300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  28153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples     14653173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.149091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.869464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   357.575356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65     10741748     73.31%     73.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       977318      6.67%     79.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193      1667731     11.38%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257       640004      4.37%     95.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321       154702      1.06%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        97791      0.67%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        55491      0.38%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        31355      0.21%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        40940      0.28%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        41163      0.28%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        28766      0.20%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        26534      0.18%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        20423      0.14%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        11153      0.08%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        12768      0.09%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025        12137      0.08%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         5849      0.04%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         5211      0.04%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         4408      0.03%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         3584      0.02%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         2904      0.02%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         2989      0.02%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         6495      0.04%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         2910      0.02%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         3402      0.02%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         2926      0.02%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729         1732      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         1331      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         1212      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         1223      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         1041      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          902      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          803      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         1078      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241          716      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          566      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369          532      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433          573      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          443      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561          407      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625          319      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          225      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          281      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          277      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          265      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          323      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          290      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          294      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          308      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201         1050      0.01%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265         1604      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329         1603      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393         1588      0.01%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          245      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          247      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          207      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          130      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          171      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          164      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          195      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          161      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          159      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          181      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          178      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          196      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225          202      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          195      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          195      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          165      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          179      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          174      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          264      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          167      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          168      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          184      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          237      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          291      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          247      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          157      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          173      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          158      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          146      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          173      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          195      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          235      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          230      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          237      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          311      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          245      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          254      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          221      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          250      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          247      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          222      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          247      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          237      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          208      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273          179      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          154      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          144      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          159      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          135      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          114      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657           98      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          249      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785         1154      0.01%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849         1410      0.01%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913         1704      0.01%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          518      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041           61      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          116      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          139      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          119      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297           87      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           60      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           74      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489           82      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           88      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617           73      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           67      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           52      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           30      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           61      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937         1426      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           49      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           40      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129          135      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        13660      0.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total     14653173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 488030518915                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            1170899200165                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               101927675000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              580941006250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23940.04                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  28497.71                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                57437.75                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1274.28                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       574.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1274.28                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               574.17                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        14.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.14                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.35                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  9082336                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 5835444                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 44.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                63.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      34623.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1848447915                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            11314141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           11314141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           9185439                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           9071394                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          9071393                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     49956508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               49956508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1892542272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1892542272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1892542272                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         34317143838                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        63430751621                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        49848716                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     36228699                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        85746                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     37354384                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        30824937                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     82.520266                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         5445741                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           14                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            704276775                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             357331                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        704634106                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           169509511                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            349183                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       169858694                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            873786286                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             706514                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        874492800                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           317202140                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                83                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       317202223                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   17                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               3074656615                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    676913649                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3318297209                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            49848716                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     36270678                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             460563019                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       138949654                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     1350436879                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          191                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1413                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         317202140                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      15254675                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2568787457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.291776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.876917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       2108224438     82.07%     82.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         12151269      0.47%     82.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         20982062      0.82%     83.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          8602362      0.33%     83.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         14837139      0.58%     84.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         10405145      0.41%     84.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6096384      0.24%     84.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          9487119      0.37%     85.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        378001539     14.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2568787457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.016213                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.079242                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        707380154                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    1322115799                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         451682983                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6736363                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       80872157                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      8170238                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           138                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3301244323                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           554                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       80872157                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        784683974                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       764878909                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    197200594                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         381458995                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     359692827                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3098145265                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       6945273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      152817689                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     193426430                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2843170649                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4694048477                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1224159669                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   3469888808                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1784004520                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       1059166081                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts     10398494                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts           66                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         790854980                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    740932804                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    170952678                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6008021                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1581666                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2462197091                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           98                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2295751198                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     28798439                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    462174626                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    493635583                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           37                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2568787457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.893710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.365387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1482799814     57.72%     57.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    486234918     18.93%     76.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    280692090     10.93%     87.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    149066984      5.80%     93.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     81554393      3.17%     96.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     63093115      2.46%     99.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     19269758      0.75%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4981627      0.19%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1094758      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2568787457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          249187      0.01%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           8319      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd           415      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp           743      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             1      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult    975061798     49.22%     49.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv     993070553     50.13%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        9549197      0.48%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3019042      0.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      5197188      0.23%      0.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     603492991     26.29%     26.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2859938      0.12%     26.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     26.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    339820673     14.80%     41.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      7838266      0.34%     41.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     13873768      0.60%     42.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    240133301     10.46%     52.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv    192324765      8.38%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    720313950     31.38%     92.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    169896358      7.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2295751198                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.746669                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt          1980959255                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.862881                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4332496409                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1011473747                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    846076401                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   4837551136                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   1912902927                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1255814552                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      877225547                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      3394287718                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     20968918                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    215712271                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        90005                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4860                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2475862                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked    174499661                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       80872157                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       231707294                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      21382728                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2473958337                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts    240076654                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     740932804                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    170952678                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           63                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       13917531                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        436598                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4860                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        62223                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        23847                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        86070                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2273791159                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     704634106                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     21960037                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              11761148                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            874492800                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         48072641                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          169858694                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.739527                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2102650640                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2101890953                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1168447514                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1318337718                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.683618                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.886304                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    460310882                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           61                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        85610                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2487915300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.808600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.995377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1927125564     77.46%     77.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    188018059      7.56%     85.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    108301552      4.35%     89.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     51158710      2.06%     91.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     34932022      1.40%     92.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     22613734      0.91%     93.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     18416396      0.74%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8457208      0.34%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    128892055      5.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2487915300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2011729323                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2011729323                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              693697321                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             525220511                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  22                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           47766020                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1241535560                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1225659475                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      5444556                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     128892055                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4828676754                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5024952951                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 4597652                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               505869158                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.537328                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.537328                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.650479                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.650479                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1674644837                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       742857121                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1635931777                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1139174605                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        49121579                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2598638                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              1110                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1110                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008469                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008469                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 4074734029                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         10981928.827857                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          10981928.827857                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            8751.172680                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  20387380                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 128369.918667                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3229814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  20517201                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.157420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    59738.419372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     2.458448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 68557.323234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         71.717612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.455768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.523051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.979385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3183107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 3183107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          9109121                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               9109121                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6549                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  6549                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       3189656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  3189656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3189656                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 3189656                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11313797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              11314141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9071394                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             9071394                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     20385191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               20385535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     20385191                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              20385535                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     23831251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 980672227919                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    980696059170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 806606731148                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  806606731148                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     23831251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1787278959067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1787302790318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     23831251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1787278959067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1787302790318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14496904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            14497248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      9109121                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           9109121                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9077943                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           9077943                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     23574847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             23575191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     23574847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            23575191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.780428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.780434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999279                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999279                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.864701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.864703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.864701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.864703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69276.892442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86679.319765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86678.790654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88917.616317                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88917.616317                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69276.892442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87675.359974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87675.049505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69276.892442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87675.359974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87675.049505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              9185439                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   9185439                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11313797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         11314141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9071394                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        9071394                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     20385191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          20385535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     20385191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         20385535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     21197675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 894547210879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 894568408554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 738719347234                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 738719347234                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     21197675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1633266558113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633287755788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     21197675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1633266558113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633287755788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.780428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.780434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.864701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.864703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.864701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.864703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61621.148256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79066.931365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79066.400936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81433.939176                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81433.939176                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61621.148256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80120.247984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80119.935817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61621.148256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80120.247984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80119.935817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2043059136                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           14497248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          14497248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          9109121                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          9077943                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         9077942                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     56258814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              56259502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        22016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2091773888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         2091795904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            2091795904                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        16950550482                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            401492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       27994341733                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         4074734117                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 19330298.325979                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  19330298.325979                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1188.321206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1317295517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          923769.647265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   106.321206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         1082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.025957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.264160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.290117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    317201569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       317201569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    317201569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        317201569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    317201569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       317201569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     42600104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42600104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     42600104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     42600104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     42600104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     42600104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    317202139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    317202139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    317202139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    317202139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    317202139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    317202139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74737.024561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74737.024561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74737.024561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74737.024561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74737.024561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74737.024561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          171                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1014                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          171                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         1014                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          226                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          226                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24176905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24176905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24176905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24176905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24176905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24176905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70281.700581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70281.700581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70281.700581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70281.700581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70281.700581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70281.700581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1246                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           37                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.304199                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.009033                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         4074734118                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 36962358.898852                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  36962358.898852                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     333.713930                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          23574846                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 4059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           858757893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          23578905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             36.420601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  4053.305612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     5.694388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.989577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    494136803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       494136803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    147834827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      147834827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    641971630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        641971630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    641971630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       641971630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18594596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      18594596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     20641961                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     20641961                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     39236557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       39236557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     39236557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      39236557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1230524638281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1230524638281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1504340815513                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1504340815513                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       158474                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       158474                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2734865453794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2734865453794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2734865453794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2734865453794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    512731399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    512731399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    168476788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    168476788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    681208187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    681208187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    681208187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    681208187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.122521                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.122521                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66176.465371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66176.465371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72877.805336                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72877.805336                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        79237                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        79237                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69701.973438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69701.973438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69701.973438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69701.973438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    759786111                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           9462438                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    80.294963                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      9109121                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           9109121                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4097692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4097692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11564020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     11564020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     15661712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     15661712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     15661712                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     15661712                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14496904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14496904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9077941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      9077941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23574845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23574845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23574845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23574845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1003957230203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1003957230203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 816544560280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 816544560280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       154546                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       154546                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1820501790483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1820501790483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1820501790483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1820501790483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053882                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053882                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69253.216425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69253.216425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89948.211856                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89948.211856                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        77273                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        77273                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77222.216752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77222.216752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77222.216752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77222.216752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
