
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.977654                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                977654274759                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1310694006654                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 255833                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   255833                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               83372097                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2358352                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11726.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        53888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1474297600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1474351488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        53888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         53888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    347019712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       347019712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     23035900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            23036742                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       5422183                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            5422183                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        55120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1507994838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1508049958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        55120                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            55120                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       354951358                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            354951358                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       354951358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        55120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1507994838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1863001316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    23036744                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    5422183                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  23036744                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  5422183                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1474351488                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               347019712                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1474351488                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            347019712                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    249                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1440340                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1439677                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1440201                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1440174                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1440408                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1439979                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1440232                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1439854                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1439237                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1439966                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1439416                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1439228                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1439471                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1439486                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1439255                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1439571                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              339028                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              338951                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              339264                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              339271                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              339309                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              339018                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              339064                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              338924                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              338650                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              338749                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             338604                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             338763                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             338663                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             338736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             338487                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             338696                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  977654065302                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              23036744                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              5422183                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                14873425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 6000517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 1831031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  331504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  206185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  235490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  235714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  235742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  235747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  235747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  235747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  235747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  235747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  235747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 235747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 235747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 235747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 235747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 235747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 235747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 235747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 235747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 235747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 235746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 235746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 235746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 235746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  29562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2489332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    731.650740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   221.496119                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1522.697812                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65      1244717     50.00%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       124485      5.00%     55.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        68870      2.77%     57.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        54833      2.20%     59.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        46649      1.87%     61.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        43177      1.73%     63.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        45706      1.84%     65.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        43585      1.75%     67.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        35924      1.44%     68.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        44091      1.77%     70.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        57985      2.33%     72.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        61649      2.48%     75.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        48207      1.94%     77.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        32866      1.32%     78.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        24141      0.97%     79.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025        29311      1.18%     80.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089        34731      1.40%     81.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153        22504      0.90%     82.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217        28980      1.16%     84.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281        34874      1.40%     85.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345        36826      1.48%     86.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409        35477      1.43%     88.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        53323      2.14%     90.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537        21262      0.85%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601        18636      0.75%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665        14570      0.59%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729        10410      0.42%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         6760      0.27%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         4842      0.19%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         3552      0.14%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         2629      0.11%     93.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         2224      0.09%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         2634      0.11%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         2363      0.09%     94.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241         2101      0.08%     94.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305         1932      0.08%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369         1875      0.08%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433         1798      0.07%     94.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         1640      0.07%     94.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561         1550      0.06%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625         1346      0.05%     94.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689         1238      0.05%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753         1272      0.05%     94.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817         1306      0.05%     94.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881         1586      0.06%     94.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945         1350      0.05%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009         1197      0.05%     94.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073         1115      0.04%     94.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137         1276      0.05%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201         5108      0.21%     95.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265         1329      0.05%     95.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329         1200      0.05%     95.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393         1291      0.05%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457         1186      0.05%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521         1147      0.05%     95.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585         1182      0.05%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649         1130      0.05%     95.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713         1100      0.04%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777         1093      0.04%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841         1041      0.04%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905         1080      0.04%     95.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969         1142      0.05%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033         1092      0.04%     95.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          962      0.04%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161         1041      0.04%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225         4534      0.18%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          771      0.03%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          714      0.03%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          661      0.03%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          655      0.03%     96.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          641      0.03%     96.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          667      0.03%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          604      0.02%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          545      0.02%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          596      0.02%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          540      0.02%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          559      0.02%     96.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          580      0.02%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          555      0.02%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          495      0.02%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          499      0.02%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          473      0.02%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          491      0.02%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          504      0.02%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          488      0.02%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          429      0.02%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          413      0.02%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          450      0.02%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          403      0.02%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          417      0.02%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          409      0.02%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          362      0.01%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          362      0.01%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          361      0.01%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          379      0.02%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          401      0.02%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          429      0.02%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273         3789      0.15%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          340      0.01%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          317      0.01%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          320      0.01%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          309      0.01%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          305      0.01%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          282      0.01%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          292      0.01%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          295      0.01%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          331      0.01%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          330      0.01%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          409      0.02%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          427      0.02%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          443      0.02%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          648      0.03%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          458      0.02%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          445      0.02%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          459      0.02%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          804      0.03%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          169      0.01%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          157      0.01%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          153      0.01%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          167      0.01%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          156      0.01%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          140      0.01%     97.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          163      0.01%     97.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          159      0.01%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          129      0.01%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065          149      0.01%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           99      0.00%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        68802      2.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2489332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 141647514768                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            613504714768                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               115182475000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              356674725000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      6148.83                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  15483.03                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26631.86                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1508.05                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       354.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1508.05                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               354.95                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        14.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.63                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       9.62                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 21249533                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 4719788                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      34353.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1863001316                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            18161377                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           18161376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           5422183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4875367                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4875366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     51495669                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               51495669                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1821371200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1821371200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1821371200                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         23921518203                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        73608769426                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       106190881                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    106035412                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       409166                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    106026287                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       105600469                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.598385                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           22930                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         1132                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            403232007                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1555687                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        404787694                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           127829365                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            151874                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       127981239                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            531061372                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1707561                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        532768933                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           212735821                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       212735946                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               2935898726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    430387794                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2170236229                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           106190881                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    105623399                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             326554937                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        19288042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     1861895833                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4243                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           48                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         212735821                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        355924                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2631754339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.824635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.276822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       2305199402     87.59%     87.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          3711857      0.14%     87.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2815321      0.11%     87.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4403019      0.17%     88.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         65360135      2.48%     90.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          6400677      0.24%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          7418696      0.28%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         81833284      3.11%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        154611948      5.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2631754339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.036170                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.739207                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        474134380                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    1819202010                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         298735840                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      26775035                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       12907073                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       126554                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          4223                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2162952931                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          7603                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       12907073                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        497460844                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      1654258744                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        87496                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         300258128                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     166782053                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2150486852                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        526019                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       47311526                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     110979010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1912282129                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3393536014                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1192755100                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   2200780914                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1772716426                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        139565637                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         4141                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          237                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         377619188                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    409167653                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    131741077                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      9388522                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4492405                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2076795476                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          464                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2045052957                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7671710                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     76781768                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     67241927                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2631754339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.777068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.360973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1765287662     67.08%     67.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    259082251      9.84%     76.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    299515513     11.38%     88.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    163812589      6.22%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     80815081      3.07%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     24964693      0.95%     98.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     23703553      0.90%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11387170      0.43%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3185827      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2631754339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           85120      0.12%      0.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        495043      0.72%      0.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     52364604     76.11%     76.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv       9775818     14.21%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt       134639      0.20%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        2919321      4.24%     95.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3028175      4.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          104      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     760052848     37.17%     37.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         4826      0.00%     37.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    307379375     15.03%     52.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp    104080141      5.09%     57.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     56243141      2.75%     60.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    270465578     13.23%     73.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     10688553      0.52%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt      1845228      0.09%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    406298095     19.87%     93.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    127995068      6.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2045052957                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.696568                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            68802720                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.033643                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4281070771                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    869437130                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    820363041                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   2517263909                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   1284142789                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1208702249                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      823989492                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      1289866081                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      5833047                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     19693293                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          616                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2212                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4342589                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          340                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     10340156                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       12907073                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      1438546453                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      24417634                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2077491688                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     28982398                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     409167653                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    131741077                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          236                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       13567462                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        203371                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         2212                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       400894                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7736                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       408630                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2041997416                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     404787713                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      3055538                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                695748                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            532768999                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        102184254                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          127981286                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.695527                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2030816387                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2029065290                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1368054214                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1822604869                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.691122                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.750604                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     73638312                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405055                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2618847266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.763946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.004993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   2123200458     81.07%     81.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    145003608      5.54%     86.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     76279702      2.91%     89.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     44311938      1.69%     91.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33602993      1.28%     92.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     18760621      0.72%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     10967165      0.42%     93.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     57625795      2.20%     95.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    109094986      4.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2618847266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2000657346                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2000657346                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              516872820                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             389474332                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 224                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           99903220                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1203315135                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1309260647                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        18358                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     109094986                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4581047161                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4161498546                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 3787521                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               304144387                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.467949                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.467949                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.681222                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.681222                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1620705711                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       758852064                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1606227339                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1040264044                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads            4054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes            500                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              1110                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1110                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008469                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008469                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 3936018028                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         10450270.317130                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          10450270.317130                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            8751.172680                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  23036495                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 129405.030164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3222428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  23165775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.139103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    22192.115485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     5.492399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 106676.642507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        530.779777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.169312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.813878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.004050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.987282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2609238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 2609238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5454663                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5454663                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1350                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1350                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       2610588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2610588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2610588                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2610588                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18160535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              18161377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4875367                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4875367                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     23035902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               23036744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          842                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     23035902                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              23036744                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     49867440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1001303278230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1001353145670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 312280771342                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  312280771342                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     49867440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1313584049572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1313633917012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     49867440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1313584049572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1313633917012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     20769773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            20770615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5454663                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5454663                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4876717                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4876717                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     25646490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             25647332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     25646490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            25647332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.874373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.874378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999723                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999723                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.898209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.898212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.898209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.898212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59224.988124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55136.221385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55136.410949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64052.772097                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64052.772097                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59224.988124                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57023.339028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57023.419499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59224.988124                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57023.339028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57023.419499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              5422183                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   5422183                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18160535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         18161377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4875367                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4875367                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23035902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          23036744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23035902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         23036744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43416516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 861063317610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 861106734126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 274624703690                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 274624703690                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43416516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1135688021300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1135731437816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43416516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1135688021300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1135731437816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.874373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.874378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.898209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.898212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.898209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.898212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 51563.558195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47413.984093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47414.176476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56329.031987                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56329.031987                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 51563.558195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49300.783677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49300.866382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 51563.558195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49300.783677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49300.866382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2036023985                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           20770615                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          20770614                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5454663                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4876717                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4876716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     56747641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              56749325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        53888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1990473664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1990527552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1990527552                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        13989769893                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            980328                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       28723407874                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         3936018025                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 12964120.719616                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  12964120.719616                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                20                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2060.000408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1212851992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2733                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          443780.458105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   171.738416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1888.261992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.041928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.461001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.502930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    212734630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       212734630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    212734630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        212734630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    212734630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       212734630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68359941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68359941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68359941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68359941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68359941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68359941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    212735818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    212735818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    212735818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    212735818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    212735818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    212735818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57542.037879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57542.037879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57542.037879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57542.037879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57542.037879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57542.037879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          457                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    57.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          346                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50713926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50713926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50713926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50713926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50713926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50713926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60230.315914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60230.315914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60230.315914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60230.315914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60230.315914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60230.315914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1246                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           37                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.304199                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.009033                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         3936018038                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 27930352.984443                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  27930352.984443                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     333.713930                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          25646488                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 4059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           401046065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          25650547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             15.634991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  4045.680142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    13.319858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.987715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.003252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    287105859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       287105859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     94700577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       94700577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    381806436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        381806436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    381806436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       381806436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data    100245760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     100245760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     32697684                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     32697684                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    132943444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      132943444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    132943444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     132943444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 4831276591081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 4831276591081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1488556796322                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1488556796322                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        79237                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        79237                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 6319833387403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 6319833387403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 6319833387403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 6319833387403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    387351619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    387351619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    127398261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    127398261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    514749880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    514749880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    514749880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    514749880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.258798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.258798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.256657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.256657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.258268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.258268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.258268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.258268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48194.323541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48194.323541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45524.838894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45524.838894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        79237                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        79237                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47537.758894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47537.758894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47537.758894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47537.758894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     67201937                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           81                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           1295908                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    51.857028                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           81                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5454663                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5454663                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     79475987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     79475987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     27820968                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     27820968                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data    107296955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total    107296955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data    107296955                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total    107296955                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     20769773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     20769773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4876716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4876716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     25646489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     25646489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     25646489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     25646489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1029041117642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1029041117642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 317286741958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 317286741958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        77273                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        77273                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1346327859600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1346327859600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1346327859600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1346327859600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038279                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038279                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004464                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004464                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49545.130688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49545.130688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65061.558220                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65061.558220                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        77273                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        77273                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52495.601234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52495.601234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52495.601234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52495.601234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
