
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.080850                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1080850365500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1580910023000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 311052                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   311052                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              112066789                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2342480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9644.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        66752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1487057600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1487124352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        66752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         66752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    348613760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       348613760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     23235275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            23236318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       5447090                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            5447090                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        61759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1375821897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1375883656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        61759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            61759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       322536561                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            322536561                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       322536561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        61759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1375821897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1698420217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    23236319                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    5447090                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  23236319                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  5447090                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1487124352                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               348613760                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1487124352                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            348613760                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    219                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1451561                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1449984                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1450238                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1450023                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1450364                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1458817                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1450201                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1456341                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1454696                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1462506                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1449368                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1449299                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1449567                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1454126                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1449544                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1449465                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              340753                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              340551                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              340766                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              340763                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              340801                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              340565                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              340557                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              340453                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              340183                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              340358                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             340172                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             340298                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             340234                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             340298                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             340012                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             340311                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1080850065000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              23236319                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              5447090                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                15162189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 6262694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 1701344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  109858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  217049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  236647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  236785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  236820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  236823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  236830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  236830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  236830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  19781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2135180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    859.731785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   229.274963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1793.280585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65      1126619     52.76%     52.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        74174      3.47%     56.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        33511      1.57%     57.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        30777      1.44%     59.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        29246      1.37%     60.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        26908      1.26%     61.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        27600      1.29%     63.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        28110      1.32%     64.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        24151      1.13%     65.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        27570      1.29%     66.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        92003      4.31%     71.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        85583      4.01%     75.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        17776      0.83%     76.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        13042      0.61%     76.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        12681      0.59%     77.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025        22736      1.06%     78.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089        27924      1.31%     79.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         9366      0.44%     80.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         9322      0.44%     80.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         9084      0.43%     80.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         9315      0.44%     81.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409        12597      0.59%     81.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473       224762     10.53%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         3667      0.17%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          602      0.03%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          553      0.03%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          533      0.02%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          508      0.02%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          553      0.03%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          662      0.03%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          527      0.02%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          466      0.02%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         1516      0.07%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         1099      0.05%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241          514      0.02%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          452      0.02%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369          467      0.02%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433          791      0.04%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         1703      0.08%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561          513      0.02%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625          525      0.02%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          401      0.02%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          447      0.02%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          414      0.02%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          997      0.05%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          616      0.03%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          443      0.02%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          445      0.02%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          547      0.03%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201         4974      0.23%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          850      0.04%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          780      0.04%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          791      0.04%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          741      0.03%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          794      0.04%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          798      0.04%     93.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          768      0.04%     93.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          831      0.04%     93.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          785      0.04%     93.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          768      0.04%     94.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          846      0.04%     94.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          889      0.04%     94.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          744      0.03%     94.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          747      0.03%     94.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          762      0.04%     94.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225         4314      0.20%     94.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          543      0.03%     94.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          427      0.02%     94.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          401      0.02%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          442      0.02%     94.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          355      0.02%     94.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          359      0.02%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          340      0.02%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          342      0.02%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          422      0.02%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          382      0.02%     94.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          364      0.02%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          556      0.03%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          366      0.02%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          379      0.02%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          372      0.02%     94.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          399      0.02%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          602      0.03%     94.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          319      0.01%     94.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          380      0.02%     94.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          372      0.02%     94.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          355      0.02%     94.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          351      0.02%     94.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          350      0.02%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          369      0.02%     94.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          374      0.02%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          316      0.01%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          328      0.02%     94.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          279      0.01%     94.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          313      0.01%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          341      0.02%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          418      0.02%     94.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273         3782      0.18%     95.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          313      0.01%     95.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          394      0.02%     95.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          347      0.02%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          324      0.02%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          329      0.02%     95.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          353      0.02%     95.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          645      0.03%     95.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          658      0.03%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          390      0.02%     95.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          381      0.02%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          418      0.02%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          440      0.02%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          468      0.02%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169         1128      0.05%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          656      0.03%     95.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          512      0.02%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          513      0.02%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          419      0.02%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          172      0.01%     95.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          179      0.01%     95.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          191      0.01%     95.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          179      0.01%     95.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          177      0.01%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          173      0.01%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          184      0.01%     95.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          146      0.01%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          139      0.01%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065          150      0.01%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129          124      0.01%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        92980      4.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2135180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 118334920250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            591549144000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               116180500000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              357033723750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      5092.72                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  15365.48                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25458.19                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1375.88                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       322.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1375.88                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               322.54                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        13.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.55                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       8.96                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 21534598                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 5013389                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      37682.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1698420157                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            18359953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           18359952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           5447090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4876366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4876365                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     51919726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               51919726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1835738048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1835738048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1835738048                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         36130064500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       110183291000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             10.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       108275566                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    108088170                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       407419                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    108109671                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       107684664                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.606874                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           25421                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         1235                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            400417284                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1544432                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        401961716                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           127859481                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            151325                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       128010806                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            528276765                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1695757                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        529972522                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           207223413                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               134                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       207223547                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               2161700737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    208317332                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2146151761                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           108275566                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    107710085                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             322833509                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        16901541                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     1451171499                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          372                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3199                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           22                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         207223413                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        359811                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1994974688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.075779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.546204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1672141179     83.82%     83.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          3679588      0.18%     84.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2806184      0.14%     84.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          2427454      0.12%     84.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         65165497      3.27%     87.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          6711844      0.34%     87.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          9691562      0.49%     88.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         81604177      4.09%     92.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        150747203      7.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1994974688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.050088                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.992807                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        282040692                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    1379043556                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         237898607                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      83347339                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       12644493                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       128520                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          4296                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2135260216                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          7865                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       12644493                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        312809198                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      1109998714                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        73267                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         284427629                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     275021386                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2114671262                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       1729889                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      120248916                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     130682799                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1876250953                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3342113783                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1176645431                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   2165468352                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1772716426                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        103534460                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         4553                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          293                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         584510854                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    412623138                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    131458264                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     10041139                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4488688                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2086099190                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          468                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2047262339                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     12576986                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     86089545                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     76829988                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1994974688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.026210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.499552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1133063768     56.80%     56.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    244118192     12.24%     69.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    327530728     16.42%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    155278757      7.78%     93.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     62324453      3.12%     96.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     26225628      1.31%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     27649002      1.39%     99.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     14346824      0.72%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4437336      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1994974688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          175586      0.26%      0.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        838866      1.26%      1.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      1.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      1.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     50642717     75.77%     77.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv       9475061     14.18%     91.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt         6884      0.01%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        2493162      3.73%     95.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3205200      4.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          104      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     761115643     37.18%     37.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7934      0.00%     37.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    307353186     15.01%     52.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp    104080133      5.08%     57.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     56244153      2.75%     60.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    270494198     13.21%     73.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     10689398      0.52%     73.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt      1845252      0.09%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    407408895     19.90%     93.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    128023443      6.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2047262339                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.947061                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            66837476                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.032647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   3649868480                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    882949445                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    817107917                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   2519045345                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   1289242022                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1208711034                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      824860915                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      1289238796                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      5932023                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     23148778                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          417                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2268                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4059776                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          338                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7708907                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       12644493                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       895824897                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      23150919                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2086798358                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       637970                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     412623138                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    131458264                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          239                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       11698275                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         64616                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         2268                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       398959                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8229                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       407188                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2035889899                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     401961839                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     11372437                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                698700                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            529972752                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        102175613                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          128010913                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.941800                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2027572799                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2025818951                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1378786912                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1823034115                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.937141                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.756314                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     82715457                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       403157                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1982330195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.009245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.261038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1495237460     75.43%     75.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    139798549      7.05%     82.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     73947636      3.73%     86.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     37027198      1.87%     88.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     37386402      1.89%     89.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     20093783      1.01%     90.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     10511913      0.53%     91.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     57822102      2.92%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    110505152      5.57%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1982330195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2000657346                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2000657346                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              516872820                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             389474332                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 224                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           99903220                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1203315135                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1309260647                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        18358                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     110505152                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3952197069                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4179390297                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 2959993                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               166726049                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.080850                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.080850                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.925197                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.925197                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1612489247                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       755605095                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1606191770                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1040258250                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads            4054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes            500                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 3161820034                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         5725462.044368                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          5725462.044368                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            5037.425790                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  23236897                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32632.265417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4202005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  23269560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.180579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5042.140861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     1.300648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 27541.743969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         47.079940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.153874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.840507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.001437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3531351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 3533084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5527364                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5527364                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        65103                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 65103                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          1733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       3596454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  3598187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1733                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3596454                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 3598187                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18358910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              18359953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4876366                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4876366                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     23235276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               23236319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1043                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     23235276                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              23236319                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64640000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1051324475500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1051389115500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 318361219000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  318361219000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64640000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1369685694500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1369750334500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64640000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1369685694500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1369750334500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21890261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            21893037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5527364                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5527364                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4941469                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4941469                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26831730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             26834506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26831730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            26834506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.838679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.838621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986825                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.986825                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.865963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.865912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.865963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.865912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61975.071908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57265.081396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57265.348964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65286.571804                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65286.571804                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61975.071908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58948.544209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58948.680060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61975.071908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58948.544209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58948.680060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              5447090                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   5447090                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18358910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         18359953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4876366                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4876366                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23235276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          23236319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23235276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         23236319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52657000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 840446937500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 840499594500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 262411524000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 262411524000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52657000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1102858461500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1102911118500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52657000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1102858461500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1102911118500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.838679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.838621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.865963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.865912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.865963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.865912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 50486.097795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45778.694786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45778.962206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53812.926265                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53812.926265                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 50486.097795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47464.831556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47464.967171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 50486.097795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47464.831556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47464.967171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  1916231532                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           21893037                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          21893036                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5527364                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4941469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4941468                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     59190822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              59196374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       177664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2070981888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         2071159552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            2071159552                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        21708299000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           4418750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       45861414000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         3161820029                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 5402314.291462                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  5402314.291462                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              2772                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.336793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           983651706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              3796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          259128.478925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      1415203487250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   172.712102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   848.624691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.168664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.828735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    207220218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       207220218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    207220218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        207220218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    207220218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       207220218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          3192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           3192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          3192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    207223410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    207223410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    207223410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    207223410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    207223410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    207223410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30466.165414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30466.165414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30466.165414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30466.165414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30466.165414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30466.165414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          648                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           81                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          416                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          416                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     70888750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70888750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     70888750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70888750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     70888750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70888750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25536.293228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25536.293228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25536.293228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25536.293228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25536.293228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25536.293228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         3161820046                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 13417522.913626                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  13417522.913626                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          26831728                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           408853213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          26832752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             15.237096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1016.973855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     7.026145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.993139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    286689680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       286689680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    103403514                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      103403514                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    390093194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        390093194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    390093194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       390093194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data    100584524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     100584524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     23994747                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     23994747                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    124579271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      124579271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    124579271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     124579271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 4996328395500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 4996328395500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1489517640015                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1489517640015                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        83250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 6485846035515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 6485846035515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 6485846035515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 6485846035515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    387274204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    387274204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    127398261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    127398261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    514672465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    514672465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    514672465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    514672465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.259724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.259724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.188344                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.188344                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.242055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.242055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.242055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.242055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49672.933736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49672.933736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62076.822065                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62076.822065                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        83250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52062.000230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52062.000230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52062.000230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52062.000230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     35592325                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           48                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           1294435                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.496417                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           48                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5527364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5527364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     78694262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     78694262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19053279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     19053279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     97747541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     97747541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     97747541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     97747541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21890262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     21890262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4941468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4941468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26831730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     26831730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26831730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     26831730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1080474312750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1080474312750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 324187972808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 324187972808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        80750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        80750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1404662285558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1404662285558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1404662285558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1404662285558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004464                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004464                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49358.674316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49358.674316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65605.599957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65605.599957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        80750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52350.790857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52350.790857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52350.790857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52350.790857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
