
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.127498                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1127497824000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1627557481500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 323904                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   323904                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              121733830                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2214912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9261.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        66432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1487056768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1487123200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        66432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         66432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    348613760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       348613760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     23235262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            23236300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       5447090                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            5447090                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        58920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1318899901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1318958820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        58920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            58920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       309192402                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            309192402                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       309192402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        58920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1318899901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1628151222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    23236300                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    5447090                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  23236300                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  5447090                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1487123200                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               348613760                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1487123200                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            348613760                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    219                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1451546                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1449981                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1450238                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1450024                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1450364                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1458815                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1450200                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1456341                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1454693                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1462509                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1449371                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1449299                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1449566                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1454128                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1449541                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1449465                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              340753                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              340551                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              340766                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              340763                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              340801                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              340565                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              340557                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              340453                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              340183                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              340358                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             340172                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             340298                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             340234                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             340298                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             340012                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             340311                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1127497671500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              23236300                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              5447090                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                15195454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 6247414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 1692961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  100238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  216946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  236656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  236788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  236820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  236823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  236830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  236830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  236830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 236829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  19884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2134888                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    859.848326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   229.334132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1793.376854                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65      1126034     52.74%     52.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        74504      3.49%     56.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        33494      1.57%     57.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        30738      1.44%     59.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        29309      1.37%     60.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        26910      1.26%     61.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        27553      1.29%     63.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        28119      1.32%     64.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        24142      1.13%     65.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        27565      1.29%     66.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        91981      4.31%     71.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        85597      4.01%     75.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        17756      0.83%     76.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        13061      0.61%     76.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        12684      0.59%     77.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025        22747      1.07%     78.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089        27931      1.31%     79.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         9365      0.44%     80.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         9319      0.44%     80.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         9085      0.43%     80.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         9313      0.44%     81.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409        12613      0.59%     81.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473       224732     10.53%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         3683      0.17%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          602      0.03%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          551      0.03%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          533      0.02%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          507      0.02%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          551      0.03%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          664      0.03%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          527      0.02%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          464      0.02%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         1516      0.07%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         1098      0.05%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241          516      0.02%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          452      0.02%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369          469      0.02%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433          789      0.04%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         1702      0.08%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561          515      0.02%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625          526      0.02%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          400      0.02%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          447      0.02%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          415      0.02%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          997      0.05%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          615      0.03%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          443      0.02%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          445      0.02%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          547      0.03%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201         4975      0.23%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          848      0.04%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          780      0.04%     93.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          791      0.04%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          742      0.03%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          794      0.04%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          798      0.04%     93.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          768      0.04%     93.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          830      0.04%     93.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          786      0.04%     93.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          763      0.04%     94.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          852      0.04%     94.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          888      0.04%     94.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          744      0.03%     94.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          747      0.03%     94.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          763      0.04%     94.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225         4312      0.20%     94.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          544      0.03%     94.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          428      0.02%     94.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          402      0.02%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          440      0.02%     94.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          356      0.02%     94.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          359      0.02%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          339      0.02%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          341      0.02%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          424      0.02%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          382      0.02%     94.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          363      0.02%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          557      0.03%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          365      0.02%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          379      0.02%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          372      0.02%     94.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          398      0.02%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          601      0.03%     94.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          320      0.01%     94.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          381      0.02%     94.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          371      0.02%     94.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          355      0.02%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          351      0.02%     94.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          350      0.02%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          369      0.02%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          374      0.02%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          315      0.01%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          330      0.02%     94.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          280      0.01%     94.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          312      0.01%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          341      0.02%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          418      0.02%     94.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273         3783      0.18%     95.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          313      0.01%     95.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          393      0.02%     95.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          347      0.02%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          324      0.02%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          331      0.02%     95.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          352      0.02%     95.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          644      0.03%     95.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          659      0.03%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          388      0.02%     95.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          381      0.02%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          419      0.02%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          439      0.02%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          470      0.02%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169         1127      0.05%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          656      0.03%     95.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          511      0.02%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          516      0.02%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          416      0.02%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          173      0.01%     95.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          179      0.01%     95.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          191      0.01%     95.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          179      0.01%     95.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          177      0.01%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          173      0.01%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          184      0.01%     95.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          146      0.01%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          139      0.01%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065          150      0.01%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129          124      0.01%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        92980      4.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2134888                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 122567823000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            595684065500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               116180405000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              356935837500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      5274.89                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  15361.28                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25636.17                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1318.96                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       309.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1318.96                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               309.19                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        12.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.53                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       8.99                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 21534870                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 5013390                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      39308.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1628151222                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            18359928                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           18359928                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           5447090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4876372                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4876372                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     51919690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               51919690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1835736960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1835736960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1835736960                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         36130055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       110167887500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       108715753                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    108525529                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       413467                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    108548663                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       108117992                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.603246                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           25364                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         1203                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            401772547                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1546585                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        403319132                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           127865187                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            151439                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       128016626                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            529637734                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1698024                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        531335758                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           209862474                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               129                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       209862603                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               2254995665                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211183765                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2169259233                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           108715753                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    108143356                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             326331350                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        19731600                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     1521748861                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          126                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3370                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         209862474                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        608024                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2073939004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.045961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.517263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1747607654     84.27%     84.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          3710370      0.18%     84.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2822160      0.14%     84.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          3015488      0.15%     84.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         65457697      3.16%     87.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          6713222      0.32%     88.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          9896181      0.48%     88.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         81645761      3.94%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        153070471      7.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2073939004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048211                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.961979                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        286122828                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    1448905555                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         240128770                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      84114587                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       14667263                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       129362                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          4291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2155335886                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          7936                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       14667263                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        317484446                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      1178992337                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        73627                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         286533058                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     276188272                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2129365129                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       1782652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      119726353                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     132492047                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1890790273                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3362952756                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1183615796                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   2179336960                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1772716650                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        118073592                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         4555                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          292                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         589809502                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    416992767                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    131535182                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     10347448                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4514306                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2098190520                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          468                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2052585909                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     17946493                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     98180763                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     88636687                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2073939004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.989704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.483628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1209378868     58.31%     58.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    243771718     11.75%     70.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    329549539     15.89%     85.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    157807047      7.61%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     60949804      2.94%     96.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     26058579      1.26%     97.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     27148593      1.31%     99.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     14888545      0.72%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4386311      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2073939004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          133051      0.20%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        733700      1.10%      1.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      1.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      1.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     50593607     75.98%     77.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv       9479358     14.24%     91.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt         4325      0.01%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        2442915      3.67%     95.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3203950      4.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          104      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     763366187     37.19%     37.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7946      0.00%     37.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    307574954     14.98%     52.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp    104080136      5.07%     57.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     56252175      2.74%     59.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    270662563     13.19%     73.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     10689441      0.52%     73.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt      1845248      0.09%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    410075388     19.98%     93.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    128031767      6.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2052585909                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.910239                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            66590906                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.032442                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   3736279383                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    893602088                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    819154103                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   2527368837                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   1302774480                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1209170178                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      827114133                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      1292062578                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      5961669                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     27518416                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1749                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4820                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4136927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          340                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8752805                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       14667263                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       964136320                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      23697068                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2098890083                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       695133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     416992767                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    131535182                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          239                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       12021455                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         62908                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4820                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       404965                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8284                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       413249                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2039642140                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     403319245                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     12943768                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                699095                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            531335977                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        102235012                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          128016732                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.904499                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2030072716                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2028324281                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1379424326                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1824543166                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.899480                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.756038                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     94847501                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       409226                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2059271741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.971536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.233765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1575042196     76.49%     76.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    139498909      6.77%     83.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     72299378      3.51%     86.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     36508223      1.77%     88.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     35675033      1.73%     90.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     19890659      0.97%     91.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     10160475      0.49%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     57656208      2.80%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    112540660      5.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2059271741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2000657347                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2000657347                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              516872596                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             389474341                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 224                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           99903228                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1203314597                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1309260779                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        18358                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     112540660                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4039235152                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4205683164                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 3172023                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               181056661                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000001                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.127498                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.127498                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.886920                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.886920                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1616744268                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       757585869                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1606900657                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1040709993                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads            4054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes            500                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 3255114959                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         5433510.956385                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          5433510.956385                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            1677.560000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  23236875                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32632.548250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4201749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  23269530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.180569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5025.724957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     1.277493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 27559.187855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         46.357947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.153373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.841040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.001415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3531143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 3532838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5527347                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5527347                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        65104                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 65104                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          1695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       3596247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  3597942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1695                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3596247                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 3597942                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18358891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              18359929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4876372                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4876372                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     23235263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               23236301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     23235263                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              23236301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67068250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1111032911250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1111099979500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 332459365500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  332459365500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67068250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1443492276750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1443559345000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67068250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1443492276750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1443559345000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21890034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            21892767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5527347                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5527347                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4941476                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4941476                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26831510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             26834243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26831510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            26834243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.379802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.838687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.838630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986825                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.986825                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.379802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.865969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.865920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.379802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.865969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.865920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64612.957611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60517.430560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60517.662105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68177.605298                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68177.605298                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64612.957611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62125.067263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62125.178401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64612.957611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62125.067263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62125.178401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              5447090                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   5447090                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18358891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         18359929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4876372                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4876372                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23235263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          23236301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23235263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         23236301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55144750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 900186402750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 900241547500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 276509422500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 276509422500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55144750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1176695825250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1176750970000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55144750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1176695825250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1176750970000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.379802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.838687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.838630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.379802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.865969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.865920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.379802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.865969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.865920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53125.963391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49032.722224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49032.953641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56703.923019                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56703.923019                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53125.963391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50642.672960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50642.783892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53125.963391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50642.672960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50642.783892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  1836936256                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           21892767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          21892766                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5527347                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4941476                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4941475                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     59190365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              59195831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       174912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2070966720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         2071141632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            2071141632                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        21708142000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           4352250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       45842270250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         3255114963                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 5288534.300357                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  5288534.300357                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      52.818200                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              2729                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.333978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           986290723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              3753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          262800.618971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      1456487099250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   171.845620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   849.488358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.167818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.829578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    209859233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       209859233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    209859233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        209859233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    209859233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       209859233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          3239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           3239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          3239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    104378250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104378250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    104378250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104378250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    104378250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104378250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    209862472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209862472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    209862472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    209862472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    209862472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    209862472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32225.455387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32225.455387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32225.455387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32225.455387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32225.455387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32225.455387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          455                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    56.875000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          506                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78280250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78280250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78280250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78280250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78280250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78280250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28642.608855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28642.608855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28642.608855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28642.608855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28642.608855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28642.608855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         3255114960                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 12974040.163555                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  12974040.163555                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      52.818200                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          26831508                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           408765212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          26832532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             15.233941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1017.084390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     6.915610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.993246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    286608420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       286608420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    103395951                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      103395951                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    390004371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        390004371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    390004371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       390004371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data    100835964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     100835964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     24002080                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     24002080                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    124838044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      124838044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    124838044                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     124838044                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 5293925733500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 5293925733500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1552381560146                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1552381560146                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        86250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        86250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 6846307293646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 6846307293646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 6846307293646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 6846307293646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    387444384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    387444384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    127398031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    127398031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    514842415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    514842415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    514842415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    514842415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.260259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.188402                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.188402                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.242478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.242478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.242478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.242478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52500.373116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52500.373116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64676.959670                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64676.959670                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        86250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        86250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54841.513647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54841.513647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54841.513647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54841.513647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     43179035                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           1740831                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.803691                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5527347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5527347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     78945930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     78945930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19060605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     19060605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     98006535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     98006535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     98006535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     98006535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21890034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     21890034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4941475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4941475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26831509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     26831509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26831509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     26831509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1150778812000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1150778812000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 338486551037                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 338486551037                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        83750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1489265363037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1489265363037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1489265363037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1489265363037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004464                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004464                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52570.901078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52570.901078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68499.092080                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68499.092080                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        83750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55504.346142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55504.346142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55504.346142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55504.346142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
