
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.625999                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                625998567000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1127065466500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 172541                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   172541                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36003427                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2336548                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 17387.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     78639680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           78641088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     55041088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        55041088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1228745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1228767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        860017                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             860017                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         2249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    125622780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             125625029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         2249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             2249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        87925262                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             87925262                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        87925262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         2249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    125622780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            213550291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1228767                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     860017                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1228767                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   860017                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   78641088                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                55041088                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             78641088                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             55041088                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    679                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               74738                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               74831                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               76190                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               77152                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               74803                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               83466                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               82893                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               81233                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               78658                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               78397                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              78816                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              81477                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              74267                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              71629                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              70476                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              69062                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               52047                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               52444                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               54272                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               54769                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               52437                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               57708                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               57184                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               56872                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               55227                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               55151                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              54888                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              57201                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              51460                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              49995                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              49373                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              48989                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  623351821000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1228767                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               860017                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1092297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   98137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   25707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   11945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   34435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   37327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   37390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       895616                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    149.152208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.332159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   423.005207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       671905     75.02%     75.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       100362     11.21%     86.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        33486      3.74%     89.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        19852      2.22%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        12692      1.42%     93.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         8890      0.99%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         6756      0.75%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         6759      0.75%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         3716      0.41%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         2759      0.31%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         2347      0.26%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         2136      0.24%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1652      0.18%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1481      0.17%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1235      0.14%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1161      0.13%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          996      0.11%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          979      0.11%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          878      0.10%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          877      0.10%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         1057      0.12%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1254      0.14%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         5270      0.59%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         1469      0.16%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          947      0.11%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          580      0.06%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          362      0.04%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          230      0.03%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          173      0.02%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          164      0.02%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          114      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          113      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           85      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           88      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           77      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           64      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           63      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           38      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           60      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           41      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           33      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           39      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           41      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           39      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           24      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           28      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           35      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           25      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           22      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           16      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           12      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           21      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           17      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            8      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           16      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           16      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           11      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           13      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           14      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           15      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            5      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           18      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            6      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           13      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           10      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           11      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           10      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           12      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           15      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            9      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           10      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            7      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            7      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            7      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            6      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           13      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929           12      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            7      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           10      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            8      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            6      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           10      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           11      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           11      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           10      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            8      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            6      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697           11      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            8      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            4      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            4      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            9      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            5      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            8      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            7      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            3      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            4      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            7      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465           11      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            4      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            4      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            7      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            5      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            6      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            6      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            4      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            5      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            3      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            9      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            7      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            4      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            6      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            6      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            4      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            4      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            5      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            6      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           15      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           18      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           10      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           11      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           17      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         1483      0.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9664-9665            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       895616                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  19265262500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             52963727500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 6140440000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               27558025000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15687.20                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  22439.78                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43126.98                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       125.63                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        87.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               125.63                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                87.93                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.08                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.77                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   801364                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  391124                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 65.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                45.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     298428.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    213550291                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              614768                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             614768                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            860017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            613999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           613999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3317551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3317551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    133682176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           133682176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              133682176                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          4484460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5827884000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       341180674                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    288036946                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     16052738                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    185212061                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       183119785                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.870335                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        12472704                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           35                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            691387580                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            7539489                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        698927069                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           181980508                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           8411630                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       190392138                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            873368088                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           15951119                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        889319207                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           349943115                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              9400                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       349952515                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1251997134                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    361965315                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3273536395                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           341180674                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    195592489                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             542031586                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       133614097                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      209184775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        27730                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         349943115                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       6335645                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1224972597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.672334                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.395472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        682941011     55.75%     55.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         41518896      3.39%     59.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         23549821      1.92%     61.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         29701542      2.42%     63.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         64802339      5.29%     68.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         37849635      3.09%     71.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         36326617      2.97%     74.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         36865890      3.01%     77.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        271416846     22.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1224972597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.272509                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.614652                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        401619869                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     181879997                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         501546969                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      28162893                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      111762868                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     39735514                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3199849253                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           720                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      111762868                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        427626118                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       100178024                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles         4437                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         502489709                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      82911440                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3121488294                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65793                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        8516241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      64908079                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2544810216                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4286279901                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4286259402                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        20499                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1642742419                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        902067763                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          193                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         214537081                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    763406464                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    245083565                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    100432800                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     64568425                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2991486714                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2717288455                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      5649305                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    987156861                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    512973278                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1224972597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.218244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.053087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    380782694     31.08%     31.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    158382863     12.93%     44.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    172106177     14.05%     58.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    176377124     14.40%     72.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    131294380     10.72%     83.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    107683141      8.79%     91.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     70971553      5.79%     97.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     22857997      1.87%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4516668      0.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1224972597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         2567776     22.67%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     22.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        8282559     73.13%     95.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        475637      4.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           84      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1805884015     66.46%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         1304      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd          334      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          463      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            8      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv           49      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    717004095     26.39%     92.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    194398103      7.15%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2717288455                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.170363                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            11325972                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.004168                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6676512668                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   3978673917                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2622063200                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        12111                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        14700                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         4296                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2728607896                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses            6447                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     51872070                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    246564442                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       139706                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        46320                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     90182910                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          692                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       729176                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      111762868                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        69523653                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        689917                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2997039412                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     12402601                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     763406464                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    245083565                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         315870                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          9388                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        46320                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      8635578                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     10300734                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     18936312                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2674031696                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     698927124                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     43256754                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               5552698                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            889319277                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        265190557                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          190392153                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.135813                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2649615921                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2622067496                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1780984234                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        2256643126                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.094308                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.789218                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    817447517                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     16052532                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1113209729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.800902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.641102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    547159296     49.15%     49.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    187319458     16.83%     65.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    111181285      9.99%     75.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     67982774      6.11%     82.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25379963      2.28%     84.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     16042409      1.44%     85.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     19649381      1.77%     87.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     16438485      1.48%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    122056678     10.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1113209729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2004781352                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2004781352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              671742670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             516842016                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                   0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          210045741                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                650                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1984437640                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      7766450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     122056678                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3743892552                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5756372977                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  391439                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                27024537                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.625999                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.625999                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.597448                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.597448                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3634595257                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      2195222779                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads              4223                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              681                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads              84                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes             42                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1               257                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               257                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.007843                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.007843                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                  662898217                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  590387922                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         2282441.538785                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         1925941.299740                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          4208382.838525                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 333                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 332                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 1990685.336336                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 1778276.873494                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.528928                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.471072                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            1924.410511                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        85581                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        85324                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1     10826163                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2     10793652                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1223636                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32301.335911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    22694624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1256140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     18.066954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    18585.375107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.342098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 13534.244946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        181.373761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.567181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.413032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.005535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.985759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14376365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                14376365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          7320083                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               7320083                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3178227                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3178227                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      17554592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 17554592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     17554592                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                17554592                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       614746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                614768                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       613999                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              613999                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1228745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1228767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1228745                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1228767                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1535000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43722060250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43723595250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50391488750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   50391488750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1535000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  94113549000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      94115084000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1535000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  94113549000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     94115084000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14991111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            14991133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7320083                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           7320083                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3792226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3792226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18783337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             18783359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18783337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            18783359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.041009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.161910                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.161910                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.065418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.065418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69772.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71122.154923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71122.106632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82070.962249                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82070.962249                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69772.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76593.230491                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76593.108376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69772.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76593.230491                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76593.108376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               860017                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    860017                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       614746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           614768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       613999                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         613999                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1228745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1228767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1228745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1228767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36661802750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36663084750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43338697250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43338697250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  80000500000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  80001782000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  80000500000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  80001782000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.041009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.161910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.161910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.065418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.065418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58272.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59637.318096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59637.269263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70584.312434                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70584.312434                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58272.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65107.487721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65107.365351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58272.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65107.487721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65107.365351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2668728614                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           14991133                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          14991133                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          7320083                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3792226                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3792226                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     44886757                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              44886801                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1670618880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1670620288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1670620288                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20371804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             38500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       28468874750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2254130931                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 9123016.980303                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  9123016.980303                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           751.844233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1352074996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               756                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1788458.989418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    19.569981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   732.274252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.019111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.715112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.734223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    349943090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       349943090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    349943090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        349943090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    349943090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       349943090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total             25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total            25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1760250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1760250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1760250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1760250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1760250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1760250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    349943115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    349943115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    349943115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    349943115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    349943115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    349943115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        70410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        70410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        70410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        70410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        70410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        70410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1557000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1557000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1557000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1557000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1557000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1557000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70772.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70772.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70772.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70772.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70772.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70772.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           76                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            4                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.074219                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.003906                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1          978141825                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          274836210                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 13785875.408332                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 3694175.990466                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  17480051.398798                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          762                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          762                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 1283650.688976                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 360677.440945                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.780654                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.219346                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      62.982643                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1         3048                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2         3048                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1        17236                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1        37628                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        54864                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       722376                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       722376                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1    22.619423                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          18733066                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           962.235127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           768498476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          18734014                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             41.021560                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   960.830366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     1.404761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.938311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.939683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    617502069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       617502069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    148252087                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      148252087                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    765754156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        765754156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    765754156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       765754156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21286927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      21286927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6648567                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6648567                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     27935494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       27935494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     27935494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      27935494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 295063897000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 295063897000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 189604732276                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 189604732276                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 484668629276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 484668629276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 484668629276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 484668629276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    638788996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    638788996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    154900654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    154900654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    793689650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    793689650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    793689650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    793689650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042921                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042921                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13861.272555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13861.272555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28518.135152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28518.135152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17349.563579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17349.563579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17349.563579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17349.563579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4585954                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3477                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            267488                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              97                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.144522                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    35.845361                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7320083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7320083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6295805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6295805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2856352                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2856352                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9152157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9152157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9152157                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9152157                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14991122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14991122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3792215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3792215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18783337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18783337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18783337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18783337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92002369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  92002369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  61038254653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  61038254653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 153040623653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 153040623653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 153040623653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 153040623653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024482                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024482                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6137.123626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6137.123626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16095.673545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16095.673545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8147.680237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8147.680237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8147.680237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8147.680237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
