
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.514552                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                514552381000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1014552925000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 216287                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   216287                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               37097035                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2340788                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13870.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000008                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       112960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     70408576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           70521536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       112960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        112960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     22148672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        22148672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1100134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1101899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        346073                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             346073                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       219531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    136834613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             137054144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       219531                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           219531                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        43044543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             43044543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        43044543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       219531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    136834613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            180098687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1101899                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     346073                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1101899                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   346073                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   70521536                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                22148672                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             70521536                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             22148672                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               69370                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               69551                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               69295                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               69251                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               69335                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               69297                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               69249                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               68929                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               68680                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               68800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              68385                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              67584                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              67908                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              68532                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              68949                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              68656                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               21854                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               21833                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               21970                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               21892                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               21636                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               21879                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               22019                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               21817                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               21673                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               21586                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              21340                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              20646                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              21075                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              21545                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              21657                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              21651                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  514551075500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1101899                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               346073                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  869105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  127883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   84150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   20618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   13238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   15002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   15031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   15046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   15047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   15047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   15047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   15047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   15047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   15047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  15047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  15047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  15047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  15047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  15047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  15046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  15046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  15046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  15046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  15046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  15046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  15046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  15046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       189975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    487.699371                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   161.625196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1239.828959                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        97891     51.53%     51.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        25356     13.35%     64.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         9999      5.26%     70.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         5459      2.87%     73.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         4703      2.48%     75.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         4440      2.34%     77.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         3242      1.71%     79.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2399      1.26%     80.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         1905      1.00%     81.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         1742      0.92%     82.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         1719      0.90%     83.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         2402      1.26%     84.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         2108      1.11%     85.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1666      0.88%     86.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1030      0.54%     87.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1035      0.54%     87.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          894      0.47%     88.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         1189      0.63%     89.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         1798      0.95%     90.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         3029      1.59%     91.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         2695      1.42%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1430      0.75%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         2751      1.45%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          957      0.50%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          333      0.18%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          262      0.14%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          184      0.10%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          182      0.10%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          112      0.06%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          136      0.07%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           90      0.05%     96.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          156      0.08%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           99      0.05%     96.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           76      0.04%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           66      0.03%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          119      0.06%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           59      0.03%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           76      0.04%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          205      0.11%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           65      0.03%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           48      0.03%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           49      0.03%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           46      0.02%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           51      0.03%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           50      0.03%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           44      0.02%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           30      0.02%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           28      0.01%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           38      0.02%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           31      0.02%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           35      0.02%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          369      0.19%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          406      0.21%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           26      0.01%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           27      0.01%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           27      0.01%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           11      0.01%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           19      0.01%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           24      0.01%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           29      0.02%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           28      0.01%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           42      0.02%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           14      0.01%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           27      0.01%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           17      0.01%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           11      0.01%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           10      0.01%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           13      0.01%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           17      0.01%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           19      0.01%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           14      0.01%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           18      0.01%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           16      0.01%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           12      0.01%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801           12      0.01%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           18      0.01%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929           11      0.01%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           11      0.01%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           18      0.01%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            6      0.00%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           13      0.01%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           16      0.01%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313           10      0.01%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           14      0.01%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           12      0.01%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           22      0.01%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            4      0.00%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           12      0.01%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697           14      0.01%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761           10      0.01%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825           13      0.01%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           15      0.01%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953           16      0.01%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           15      0.01%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           16      0.01%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            9      0.00%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           16      0.01%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           17      0.01%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337           23      0.01%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           17      0.01%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465           14      0.01%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            9      0.00%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           16      0.01%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            7      0.00%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           15      0.01%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           12      0.01%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            7      0.00%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913           18      0.01%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977           10      0.01%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            7      0.00%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105           10      0.01%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           10      0.01%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            6      0.00%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.00%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            6      0.00%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            7      0.00%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            9      0.00%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            5      0.00%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            4      0.00%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           14      0.01%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           11      0.01%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            5      0.00%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           10      0.01%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            8      0.00%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            6      0.00%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            5      0.00%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           18      0.01%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         3657      1.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9024-9025            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       189975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   7588276000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             28294703500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5508855000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               15197572500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      6887.34                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  13793.77                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25681.11                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       137.05                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        43.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               137.05                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                43.04                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.72                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   995122                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  262732                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                75.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     355359.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    180098687                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              919782                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             919782                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            346073                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            182117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           182117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2549871                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2549871                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     92670208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            92670208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               92670208                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          2108278000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5228434000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       336514209                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    250482428                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      8319332                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    226548782                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       203195351                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.691655                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        20946538                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        31832                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            411054205                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1036543                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        412090748                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           219758058                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            132526                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    1                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       219890584                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            630812263                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1169069                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        631981332                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           299153140                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses             59771                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    2                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       299212911                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  925                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1029104762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    303922200                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2326508977                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           336514209                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    224141889                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             448243230                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33171724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      232989501                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          972                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       432827                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          244                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         299153140                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       3110645                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1010234180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.302940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.125542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        561990950     55.63%     55.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         53454236      5.29%     60.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         55687578      5.51%     66.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         31060822      3.07%     69.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         54749996      5.42%     74.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         30607230      3.03%     77.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         26612822      2.63%     80.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         31780315      3.15%     83.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        164290231     16.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1010234180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.326997                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.260712                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        331834996                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     210771598                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         418147797                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      25684272                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       23795516                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     60203060                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        849770                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2297026210                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       2123455                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       23795516                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        351423158                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        52220833                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     77816180                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         424582077                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      80396415                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2273126857                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         30116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       27700676                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      35489366                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1665840303                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3024732418                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2598192805                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    426539613                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1508517903                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        157322365                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      5272690                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       833596                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         178889113                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    420575512                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    224811611                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     12166746                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4560380                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2157327134                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1640285                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2097032927                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       375112                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    156559909                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    106131093                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        10212                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1010234180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.075789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.796637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    252191366     24.96%     24.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    189394887     18.75%     43.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    189536425     18.76%     62.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    162647550     16.10%     78.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    107587228     10.65%     89.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     59255298      5.87%     95.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     34317048      3.40%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     14340174      1.42%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       964204      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1010234180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          789704      2.90%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         11370      0.04%      2.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp       1122587      4.12%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            70      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          311      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       11347068     41.63%     48.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      13989015     51.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       577903      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1281505188     61.11%     61.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2380549      0.11%     61.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     61.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    104657323      4.99%     66.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp     25885161      1.23%     67.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     20124199      0.96%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     23437861      1.12%     69.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      2211206      0.11%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    415509930     19.81%     89.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    220743607     10.53%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2097032927                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.037725                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            27260125                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012999                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4745322066                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2037727841                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1836211015                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    486613202                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    277811616                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    240996150                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1879449136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       244266013                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     29244645                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     34458286                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        53747                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12191                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     11111582                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       797052                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       157536                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       23795516                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        36669005                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2245967                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2228891857                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       728280                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     420575512                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    224811611                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       821194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         190633                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         99345                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        12191                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3886286                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      4355219                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      8241505                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2088120996                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     412091482                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8911928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              69924438                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            631982410                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        309773990                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          219890928                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.029066                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2079731656                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2077207165                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1282249092                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1717912741                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.018460                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.746399                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    160074679                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1630073                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7469642                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    986438664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.094706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.623245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    351469634     35.63%     35.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    241587916     24.49%     60.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    129033419     13.08%     73.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     42487357      4.31%     77.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     52809529      5.35%     82.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     23744624      2.41%     85.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     18268108      1.85%     87.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     16691984      1.69%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    110346093     11.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    986438664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2066299341                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2066299341                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              599817240                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             386117214                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              814574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          296498206                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          233657461                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1809134879                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     19334804                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     110346093                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3101398316                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4476575153                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  255115                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                18870582                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000007                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.514552                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.514552                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.943437                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.943437                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2550336805                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1364506472                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         316023906                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        204363792                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        80785609                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        1918082                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1               292                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               280                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008911                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008545                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 2029103470                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         282398.381048                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          282398.381048                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            2315.546190                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1101652                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32106.911556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      396003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1133725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.349294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    18231.270732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   112.046006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 13380.646231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        382.948587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.556374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.003419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.408345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.011687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.979825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       115086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  115297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           449796                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                449796                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        58843                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 58843                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        173929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   174140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          211                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       173929                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  174140                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       918017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                919782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       182117                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              182117                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1100134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1101899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1765                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1100134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1101899                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    118427500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53490450250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53608877750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11590449250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   11590449250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    118427500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  65080899500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      65199327000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    118427500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  65080899500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     65199327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1033103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1035079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       449796                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            449796                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       240960                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            240960                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1274063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1276039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1274063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1276039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.893219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.888602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.888610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.755798                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.755798                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.893219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.863485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.863531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.893219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.863485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.863531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67097.733711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58267.385299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58284.330146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63642.873812                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63642.873812                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67097.733711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59157.247663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59169.966576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67097.733711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59157.247663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59169.966576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               346073                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    346073                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       918017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           919782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       182117                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         182117                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1100134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1101899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1100134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1101899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98151500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  42941565750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43039717250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9498943750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9498943750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98151500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52440509500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52538661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98151500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52440509500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52538661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.893219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.888602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.888610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.755798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.893219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.863485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.863531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.893219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.863485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.863531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55609.915014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46776.438508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46793.389357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52158.468183                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52158.468183                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55609.915014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47667.383701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47680.105890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55609.915014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47667.383701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47680.105890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   214659273                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1035079                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1035079                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           449796                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           240960                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          240960                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2997922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3001874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       126464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    110326976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          110453440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             110453440                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1312713500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           3394749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2180299000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2029105848                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 7798922.087823                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  7798922.087823                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              1876                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           993.245867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1295969233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2899                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          447040.094170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   483.104450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   510.141417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.471782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.498185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    299150546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       299150546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    299150546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        299150546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    299150546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       299150546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    162142497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162142497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    162142497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    162142497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    162142497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    162142497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    299153131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    299153131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    299153131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    299153131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    299153131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    299153131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62724.370213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62724.370213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62724.370213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62724.370213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62724.370213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62724.370213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2105                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                33                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    63.787879                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120839249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120839249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120839249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120839249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120839249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120839249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61153.466093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61153.466093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61153.466093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61153.466093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61153.466093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61153.466093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           64                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            2                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.062500                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.001953                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         2029105850                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 13592375.654675                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  13592375.654675                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      77.955970                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1274063                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           933150650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1275085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            731.834074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   974.591394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    47.408606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.951749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.046297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    375594063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       375594063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    212017519                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      212017519                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       814714                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       814714                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    587611582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        587611582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    587611582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       587611582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4483265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       4483265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       867932                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       867932                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5351197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        5351197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5351197                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       5351197                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 228337017250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 228337017250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44149216548                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  44149216548                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1060500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1060500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 272486233798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 272486233798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 272486233798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 272486233798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    380077328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    380077328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    212885451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    212885451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       814760                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       814760                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    592962779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    592962779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    592962779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    592962779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000056                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50930.965992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50930.965992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50867.137688                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50867.137688                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23054.347826                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23054.347826                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50920.613425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50920.613425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50920.613425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50920.613425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3361296                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             57122                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    58.844158                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       449796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            449796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3450146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3450146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       627008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       627008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4077154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4077154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4077154                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4077154                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1033119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1033119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       240924                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       240924                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1274043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1274043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1274043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1274043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54788358250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  54788358250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11965353284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11965353284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       290000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       290000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  66753711534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  66753711534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  66753711534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  66753711534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53031.991716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53031.991716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49664.430625                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49664.430625                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        14500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52395.179389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52395.179389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52395.179389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52395.179389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
