
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.291733                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1291733404000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1791780942500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 153158                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   153158                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               65946262                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2339008                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 19587.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        22080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1367544448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1367566528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        22080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    581897280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       581897280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     21367882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            21368227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       9092145                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            9092145                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        17093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1058689389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1058706482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        17093                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            17093                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       450477845                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            450477845                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       450477845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        17093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1058689389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1509184327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    21368227                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    9092145                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  21368227                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  9092145                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1367566528                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               581897280                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1367566528                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            581897280                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1335913                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1335583                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1338267                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1334320                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1334876                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1333917                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1335037                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1334267                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1334968                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1334949                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1337105                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1336678                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1335773                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1336514                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1334444                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1335616                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              568123                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              568007                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              568115                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              568163                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              568442                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              568480                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              568777                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              568444                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              568692                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              568409                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             568402                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             568086                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             567954                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             568153                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             567839                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             568059                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1291733242500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              21368227                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              9092145                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 7028944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 6538049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 5168511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                 2632706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  317902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  391772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  395309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  395311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  395311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  395311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  395311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  395311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  395311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  395311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 395311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 395311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 395311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 395311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 395311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 395310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 395310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 395310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 395310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 395310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 395310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 395310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 395310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  77409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   3539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples     15065385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.394659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.349152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   329.121090                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65     11151449     74.02%     74.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       747320      4.96%     78.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193      1722551     11.43%     90.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257       722325      4.79%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321       175735      1.17%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        91408      0.61%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        50720      0.34%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        35000      0.23%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        59114      0.39%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        82295      0.55%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        52120      0.35%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        47650      0.32%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        11224      0.07%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         4947      0.03%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         4651      0.03%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         7001      0.05%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         5256      0.03%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         5185      0.03%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         6105      0.04%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         4543      0.03%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         4299      0.03%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         4489      0.03%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         9639      0.06%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         2733      0.02%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         2930      0.02%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         3640      0.02%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729         2233      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         1167      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         1328      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         1720      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          880      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          823      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         1041      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         3392      0.02%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241          681      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          565      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369          608      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433          488      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          548      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561          682      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625          821      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          680      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          579      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          588      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          353      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          372      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          289      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073         2596      0.02%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          207      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          267      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          197      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          297      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          333      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          190      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          198      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          213      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          204      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          138      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          127      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           87      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          154      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           59      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           49      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           57      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           89      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225          113      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          114      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          146      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           88      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           94      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           60      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          159      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           92      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          184      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          133      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          205      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          398      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          177      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           48      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           44      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           68      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249         1237      0.01%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313           99      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          106      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           81      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          120      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          107      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           74      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697           62      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761         3795      0.03%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          222      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           22      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953           23      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           17      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           11      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           16      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           33      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           17      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337           36      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           15      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465           28      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529           22      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           22      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657           17      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           27      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           19      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849           28      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          336      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977         1391      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041         5235      0.03%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105           21      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           25      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233           20      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          253      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           38      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           17      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489           15      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           15      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            9      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           15      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           18      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           24      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           11      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           58      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            5      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           11      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           74      0.00%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         9786      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total     15065385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 510000687250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            1233209689750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               106841135000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              616367867500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23867.24                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  28845.06                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                57712.31                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1058.71                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       450.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1058.71                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               450.48                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        11.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.95                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.45                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  9264822                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 6130150                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 43.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                67.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      42407.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1509184327                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            12296791                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           12296791                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           9092145                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           9071436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          9071436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     51828599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               51828599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1949463808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1949463808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1949463808                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         51598766000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       101295087750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        51309874                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     37685558                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       133481                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     38736550                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        31947742                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     82.474412                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         5446029                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           15                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            668319790                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             363532                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        668683322                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           169711310                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            332163                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       170043473                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            838031100                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             695695                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        838726795                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           302597886                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                63                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       302597949                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   17                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               2583538064                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    337381508                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3490510125                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            51309874                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     37393771                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             484491115                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       143667950                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     1361288337                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          119                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1092                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           60                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         302597886                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      13643211                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2278356653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.532030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.072147                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1793865538     78.74%     78.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         12735245      0.56%     79.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         19696093      0.86%     80.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         11464798      0.50%     80.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         14969542      0.66%     81.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         12779914      0.56%     81.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6686316      0.29%     82.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          9180990      0.40%     82.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        396978217     17.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2278356653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.019860                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.351058                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        473688933                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    1260328664                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         390373774                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      58770993                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       95194288                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      8173289                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           138                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3211431204                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           522                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       95194288                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        546108113                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       676743333                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    178276176                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         368880272                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     413154470                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2992630234                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       6436859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      144430840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     246753450                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2739138558                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4560436249                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1224873763                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   3335562486                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1784004519                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        955133994                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts     10399731                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts           70                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         953926252                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    731321439                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    179405402                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6111056                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2064392                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2561210085                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           99                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2288782344                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     44543735                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    561186443                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    689285342                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           38                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2278356653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.004576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.418589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1217121069     53.42%     53.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    456188384     20.02%     73.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    272393806     11.96%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    159397253      7.00%     92.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     90649586      3.98%     96.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     54758882      2.40%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     22822731      1.00%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3914087      0.17%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1110855      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2278356653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          107295      0.01%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult          11601      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         10282      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp         29707      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            53      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult   1001922154     49.36%     49.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv    1014504433     49.98%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       10524041      0.52%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       2851704      0.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      5197188      0.23%      0.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     603043378     26.35%     26.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2859952      0.12%     26.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     26.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    339800550     14.85%     41.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      7841812      0.34%     41.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     13874537      0.61%     42.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    240122664     10.49%     52.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv    198818479      8.69%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    706696493     30.88%     92.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    170527291      7.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2288782344                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.885910                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt          2029961270                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.886918                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4050563902                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1034197260                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    833587512                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   4879862441                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   2088206022                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1254812829                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      878414898                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      3435131528                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21503483                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    206100906                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       220238                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6657                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     10928586                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked    143428947                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       95194288                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       204350073                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      19635785                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2572978758                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      8716176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     731321439                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    179405402                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           65                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       11509261                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        654506                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         6657                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91161                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        42338                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       133499                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2226224205                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     668683322                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     62558136                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              11768574                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            838726795                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         48105760                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          170043473                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.861696                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2089144864                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2088400341                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1154355511                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1301389687                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.808349                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.887018                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    559582111                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           61                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       133347                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2183162365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.921475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.141222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1644334376     75.32%     75.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    176299546      8.08%     83.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     99068763      4.54%     87.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     49166430      2.25%     90.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     28396459      1.30%     91.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     20805168      0.95%     92.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     18028230      0.83%     93.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     12495239      0.57%     93.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    134568154      6.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2183162365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2011729323                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2011729323                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              693697321                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             525220511                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  22                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           47766020                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1241535560                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1225659475                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      5444556                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     134568154                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4617518949                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5237817542                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 3814767                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               305181411                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.291769                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.291769                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.774132                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.774132                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1631536361                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       730244909                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1633673802                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1138058306                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        49120966                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2598638                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1               297                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               297                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.009064                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.009064                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                 2399480975                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  182986415                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         22637544.061465                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         1662480.800237                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          24300024.861702                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 817                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 817                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 2936941.217870                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 223973.580171                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.929143                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.070857                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            1628.456733                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1       242649                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2       242649                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1     26528807                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2     26528807                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  21361819                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32234.158824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    80864986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  21394260                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.779751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14182.287691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.544312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 18042.616246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          8.710576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.432809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.550617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.983708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     39558176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                39558176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         50351482                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total              50351482                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     41042025                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              41042025                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      80600201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 80600201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     80600201                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                80600201                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12296446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              12296791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9071436                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             9071436                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     21367882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               21368227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     21367882                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              21368227                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     25878750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1128447647750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1128473526500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 822018667250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  822018667250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     25878750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1950466315000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1950492193750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     25878750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1950466315000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1950492193750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51854622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            51854967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     50351482                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          50351482                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     50113461                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          50113461                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    101968083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            101968428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    101968083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           101968428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.237133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.237138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181018                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.181018                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.209555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.209557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.209555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.209557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75010.869565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91770.227572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91769.757370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90616.156830                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90616.156830                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75010.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91280.282950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91280.020273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75010.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91280.282950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91280.020273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              9092145                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   9092145                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12296446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         12296791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9071436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        9071436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21367882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          21368227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21367882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         21368227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     21919250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 987246140250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 987268059500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 717897504750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 717897504750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     21919250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1705143645000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1705165564250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     21919250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1705143645000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1705165564250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.237133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.237138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.209555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.209557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.209555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.209557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63534.057971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80287.112248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80286.642222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79138.242804                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79138.242804                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63534.057971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79799.375764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79799.113153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63534.057971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79799.375764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79799.113153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  7546815937                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           51854967                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          51854967                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         50351482                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         50113461                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        50113461                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    254287648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             254288338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        22080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   9748452160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         9748474240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            9748474240                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       126511437000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              9.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            600248                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      157890814500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            12.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         3583561885                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 7888726.823474                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  7888726.823474                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               237                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           931.617053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1302673796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1055651.374392                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   107.818228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   823.798826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.105291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.804491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.909782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    302597350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       302597350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    302597350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        302597350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    302597350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       302597350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41556747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     41556747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41556747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     41556747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41556747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     41556747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    302597885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    302597885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    302597885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    302597885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    302597885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    302597885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77676.162617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77676.162617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77676.162617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77676.162617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77676.162617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77676.162617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          554                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          100                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          554                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          190                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          190                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     26228252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26228252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     26228252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26228252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     26228252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26228252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76023.918841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76023.918841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76023.918841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76023.918841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76023.918841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76023.918841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           70                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.068359                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.002930                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         2441230092                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          139247290                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 13996624.704158                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 852678.000656                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  14849302.704814                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          339                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          339                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 7201268.707965                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 410758.967552                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.946038                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.053962                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      59.810485                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1         1017                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2         1017                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1         6595                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1        16118                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        22713                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       323406                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       323406                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1    19.454277                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements         101945370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           957.161726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           778669192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         101946324                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              7.638031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   953.913832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     3.247894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.931556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.003172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.934728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    455052010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       455052010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    107301163                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      107301163                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    562353173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        562353173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    562353173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       562353173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     55523774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      55523774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     61175625                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     61175625                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    116699399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      116699399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    116699399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     116699399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1560492899250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1560492899250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1766198795317                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1766198795317                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       166500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       166500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3326691694567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3326691694567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3326691694567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3326691694567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    510575784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    510575784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    168476788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    168476788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    679052572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    679052572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    679052572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    679052572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.108747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.363110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.363110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.171856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.171856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.171856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.171856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28104.950129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28104.950129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28870.956289                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28870.956289                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        83250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28506.502373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28506.502373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28506.502373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28506.502373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    571180745                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs          23917022                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.881767                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     50351482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          50351482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3669041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3669041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11062277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     11062277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     14731318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     14731318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     14731318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     14731318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     51854733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     51854733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     50113348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     50113348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data    101968081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total    101968081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data    101968081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total    101968081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1281412880750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1281412880750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 971114245156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 971114245156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       161500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       161500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2252527125906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2252527125906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2252527125906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2252527125906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.297450                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297450                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.150162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.150162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24711.589601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24711.589601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19378.354948                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19378.354948                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        80750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22090.512088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22090.512088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22090.512088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22090.512088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
