
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.665890                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                665889588000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1166019370500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 172960                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   172960                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               38390711                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2344632                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 17345.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       797824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     24528000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           25325824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       797824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        797824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18540096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18540096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        12466                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       383250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              395716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        289689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             289689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1198133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     36834935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              38033068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1198133                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1198133                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        27842598                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             27842598                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        27842598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1198133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     36834935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             65875666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      395716                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     289689                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    395716                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   289689                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   25325824                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                18540096                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             25325824                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             18540096                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    107                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               23966                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               22436                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               22077                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               24950                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               23743                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               25226                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               28569                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               26805                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               31738                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               27987                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              24978                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              24148                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              23450                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              20621                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              22132                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              22783                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               17665                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               16372                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               16683                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               18228                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               17742                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               18680                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               20116                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               19395                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               21689                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               19709                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              18275                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              18003                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              17249                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              15807                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              16840                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              17236                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         1                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  665885870500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                395716                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               289689                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  319964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   61672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   12249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   11483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   12561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   12592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   12595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   12594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   12594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   12594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   12594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   12594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   12595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  12595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  12595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  12595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  12595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  12595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  12595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  12595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  12595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  12595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  12595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  12595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  12595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  12595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       479710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     91.427771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.044474                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   126.216337                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64          401133     83.62%     83.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128          45381      9.46%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192          12912      2.69%     95.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256           6822      1.42%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320           4439      0.93%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384           2876      0.60%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448           1598      0.33%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512            793      0.17%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576            456      0.10%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640            341      0.07%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704            283      0.06%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768            231      0.05%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832            208      0.04%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896            203      0.04%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960            143      0.03%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024           172      0.04%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088           125      0.03%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152           123      0.03%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216            88      0.02%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280           105      0.02%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344            83      0.02%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408            58      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472            68      0.01%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536           135      0.03%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600            80      0.02%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664            72      0.02%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728            71      0.01%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792           165      0.03%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856            58      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920            29      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984            40      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048           114      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112            34      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176            26      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240            31      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304            44      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368            22      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432             8      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496             4      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560            16      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624             3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688            13      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752             7      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816            15      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880             6      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944             5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008             4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072             9      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136             5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200             3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264             5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328             5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392             3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456             3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520             3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584             4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648             3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       479710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   7590474750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             21035029750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1978045000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               11466510000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19186.81                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  28984.45                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                53171.26                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        38.03                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        27.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                38.03                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                27.84                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.03                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.99                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   157715                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   47869                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 39.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                16.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     971521.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     65875666                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              322018                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             322018                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            289689                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             73698                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            73698                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1081121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1081121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     43865920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            43865920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               43865920                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1501459250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1877505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       512375028                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    428397998                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     39840099                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    279785804                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       241630152                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     86.362549                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        25241094                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       814705                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            556189237                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1906069                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    23                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        558095306                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           229113909                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            580092                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    4                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       229694001                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            785303146                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            2486161                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    27                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        787789307                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           442751711                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses            979031                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       443730742                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1331779176                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    484999291                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3310474410                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           512375028                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    266871246                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             612621070                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       162549565                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       87230276                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       147796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      5134734                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           44                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         442751711                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      15880109                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1311881908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.523455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.224607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        699260838     53.30%     53.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         59176443      4.51%     57.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         59139601      4.51%     62.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         62051477      4.73%     67.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         71185393      5.43%     72.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         30907567      2.36%     74.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         52131778      3.97%     78.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         29436229      2.24%     81.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        248592582     18.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1311881908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.384730                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.485753                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        523182954                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      76859137                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         581552511                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      10611283                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      119676022                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     55696787                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred       2217338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3187348189                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       5645657                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      119676022                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        551626913                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        12377336                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     37510593                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         563375272                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      27315771                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3070066912                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         15251                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        1310329                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      20053848                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2265983866                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4076582080                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4007868874                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     68713206                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1497606792                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        768377047                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1652539                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9832                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          83123657                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    623064976                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    257585548                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     10172252                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      7740430                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2792439048                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15665                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2533073068                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     10277334                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    767351381                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    457457152                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         6745                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1311881908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.930870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.989689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    462542097     35.26%     35.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    206702259     15.76%     51.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    191485792     14.60%     65.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    154847631     11.80%     77.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    126576993      9.65%     87.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     84035031      6.41%     93.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     52686703      4.02%     97.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     27790229      2.12%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      5215173      0.40%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1311881908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         5422758     15.44%     15.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     15.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     15.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          1191      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp          1538      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             3      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     15.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       16118866     45.90%     61.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      13573281     38.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       698636      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1683854474     66.47%     66.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1341029      0.05%     66.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     66.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     14232471      0.56%     67.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      9481326      0.37%     67.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt      4264785      0.17%     67.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           35      0.00%     67.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       407647      0.02%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    580810132     22.93%     90.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    237982533      9.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2533073068                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.902022                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            35117637                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6351351390                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   3507691274                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2381630783                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     72071621                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     52306452                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     35089684                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2531462761                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        36029308                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23962300                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    185799659                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       342666                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       212536                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     55188016                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        56794                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       334287                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      119676022                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5239418                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        864074                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2860466783                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     18168646                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     623064976                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    257585548                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9472                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         730762                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         12599                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       212536                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     22578002                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     20486663                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     43064665                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2463519333                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     558117820                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     69553731                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              68012070                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            787813037                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        370630041                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          229695217                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.849796                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2431887662                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2416720467                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1385659412                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1761703658                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.814656                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.786545                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    791317909                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         8920                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     37767424                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1192205886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.721064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.532385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    563316081     47.25%     47.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    265001538     22.23%     69.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     87919406      7.37%     76.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     59887641      5.02%     81.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     36300229      3.04%     84.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     27209971      2.28%     87.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     26298797      2.21%     89.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     17861923      1.50%     90.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    108410300      9.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1192205886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2051862687                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2051862687                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              639662834                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             437265312                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                4460                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          311704437                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           31971899                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1959372409                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     14739094                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     108410300                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3918398015                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5806772116                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  169426                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                19897268                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000001                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.665890                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.665890                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.501750                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.501750                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3293503522                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1823111745                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          43889038                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         22688277                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          708668                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         358238                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 2332037073                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         2858649.298849                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          2858649.298849                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            5037.425790                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    395711                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32337.952215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    15100255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    427998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     35.281134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11576.806132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1178.783264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 15436.738531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       1459.325602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       2686.298686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.353296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.035974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.471092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.044535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.081979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.986876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3455214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4361838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 7817052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5156557                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5156557                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2788539                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               2788539                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       3455214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       7150377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 10605591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3455214                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7150377                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                10605591                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        12466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       309552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                322018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        73698                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               73698                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        12466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       383250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 395716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        12466                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       383250                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                395716                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1004985750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26192597000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     27197582750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7093262750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    7093262750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1004985750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33285859750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      34290845500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1004985750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33285859750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     34290845500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3467680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4671390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             8139070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5156557                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5156557                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2862237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2862237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3467680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7533627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             11001307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3467680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7533627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            11001307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.003595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.039564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025748                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.025748                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.003595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.035970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.003595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.035970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80618.141344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84614.530030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84459.821345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96247.696681                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96247.696681                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80618.141344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86851.558382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86655.190844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80618.141344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86851.558382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86655.190844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               289689                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    289689                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        12466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       309552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           322018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73698                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          73698                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        12466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       383250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            395716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        12466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       383250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           395716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    861754250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22635392000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23497146250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6247257250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6247257250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    861754250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28882649250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29744403500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    861754250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28882649250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29744403500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.003595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.039564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.003595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.035970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.003595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.035970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69128.369164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73123.068176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72968.424902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84768.341746                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84768.341746                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69128.369164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75362.424658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75166.037006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69128.369164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75362.424658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75166.037006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  1552965108                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            8139070                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           8139070                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5156557                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2862237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2862237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6935360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20223811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              27159171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    221931520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    812171776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1034103296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1034103296                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        13235489000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        5211273513                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       11393130299                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2332038741                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 11542537.055851                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  11542537.055851                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           3467680                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           527276261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           3468704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            152.009587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1010.565259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    13.434741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.986880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.013120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    439245657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       439245657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    439245657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        439245657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    439245657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       439245657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3506051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       3506051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3506051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        3506051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3506051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       3506051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18889609213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18889609213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18889609213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  18889609213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18889609213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  18889609213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    442751708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    442751708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    442751708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    442751708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    442751708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    442751708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.007919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.007919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.007919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5387.716611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5387.716611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5387.716611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  5387.716611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5387.716611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  5387.716611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3831                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          833                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                59                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    64.932203                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          833                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        38371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        38371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        38371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        38371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        38371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        38371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3467680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3467680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3467680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3467680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3467680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3467680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11451221984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11451221984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11451221984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11451221984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11451221984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11451221984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.007832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.007832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.007832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3302.271831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3302.271831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3302.271831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3302.271831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3302.271831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3302.271831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2332038741                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 19142561.147163                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  19142561.147163                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           7533627                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           708683935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           7534651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             94.056637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1023.772512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.227488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    519189536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       519189536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    189386935                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      189386935                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3449                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3449                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4460                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4460                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    708576471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        708576471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    708576471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       708576471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12683621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      12683621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     13006126                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     13006126                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1328                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1328                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     25689747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       25689747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     25689747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      25689747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106846775065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 106846775065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106289945611                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 106289945611                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      6640500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      6640500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 213136720676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 213136720676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 213136720676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 213136720676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    531873157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    531873157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    202393061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    202393061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4777                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4777                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4460                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4460                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    734266218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    734266218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    734266218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    734266218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064262                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.064262                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.277999                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.277999                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8423.996197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8423.996197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8172.298624                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8172.298624                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5000.376506                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5000.376506                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8296.567525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8296.567525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8296.567525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8296.567525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1460803                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        51296                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             67241                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets             354                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.724885                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   144.903955                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5156557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5156557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8009847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      8009847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10147601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     10147601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18157448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     18157448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18157448                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     18157448                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4673774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4673774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2858525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2858525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1328                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1328                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7532299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7532299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7532299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7532299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40075952906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40075952906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16664706400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16664706400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      3984500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3984500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56740659306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  56740659306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56740659306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  56740659306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014124                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014124                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.277999                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.277999                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8574.645010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8574.645010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5829.827061                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5829.827061                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  3000.376506                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3000.376506                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7532.980210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7532.980210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7532.980210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7532.980210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
