
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.385622                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                385622313012                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               718622343648                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 249046                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   249046                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               32012546                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2350796                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12045.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        71808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     39714048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           39785856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        71808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         71808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     31222528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        31222528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       620532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              621654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        487852                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             487852                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       186213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    102986904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             103173117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       186213                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           186213                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        80966601                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             80966601                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        80966601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       186213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    102986904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            184139718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      621655                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     487852                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    621655                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   487852                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   39785856                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                31222528                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             39785856                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             31222528                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               38598                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               38987                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               38938                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               38929                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               38679                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               38926                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               38949                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               38904                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               38309                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               38929                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              38968                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              39088                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              38547                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              38999                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              38943                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              38962                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               30186                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               30536                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               30524                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               30538                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               30165                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               30526                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               30656                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               30594                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               30169                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               30674                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              30662                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              30742                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              30195                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              30579                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              30555                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              30551                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         1                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  385622204454                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                621655                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               487852                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  586040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   26987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    4818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    3806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   21024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   21206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   21209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   21209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   21209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   21209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   21209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   21209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   21210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   21211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  21211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  21211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  21211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  21211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  21211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  21211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  21211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  21211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  21211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  21211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  21211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  21211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  21210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        95509                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    743.414254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   366.511692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   930.001961                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        22816     23.89%     23.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        10990     11.51%     35.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         5815      6.09%     41.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         4225      4.42%     45.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         2984      3.12%     49.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         1870      1.96%     50.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1123      1.18%     52.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513          963      1.01%     53.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577          890      0.93%     54.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641          842      0.88%     54.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705          809      0.85%     55.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769          825      0.86%     56.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833          824      0.86%     57.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897          838      0.88%     58.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961          950      0.99%     59.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1185      1.24%     60.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1864      1.95%     62.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         2864      3.00%     65.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         3743      3.92%     69.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         3957      4.14%     73.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         3913      4.10%     77.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         2529      2.65%     80.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        17337     18.15%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          200      0.21%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           35      0.04%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           32      0.03%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           27      0.03%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           22      0.02%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           19      0.02%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            9      0.01%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            6      0.01%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            9      0.01%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            4      0.00%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            5      0.01%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            4      0.00%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            4      0.00%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      0.00%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            5      0.01%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            6      0.01%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            2      0.00%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            4      0.00%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            3      0.00%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            2      0.00%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            2      0.00%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            4      0.00%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.00%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.00%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.00%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.00%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.00%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            3      0.00%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.00%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            3      0.00%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.00%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.00%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            3      0.00%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.00%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.00%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.00%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.00%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            2      0.00%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.00%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.00%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.00%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            3      0.00%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            3      0.00%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.00%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            2      0.00%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.00%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.00%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            4      0.00%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.00%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.00%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.00%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.00%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            3      0.00%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.00%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.00%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.00%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            2      0.00%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.00%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.00%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.00%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            3      0.00%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.00%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.00%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            2      0.00%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            3      0.00%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           15      0.02%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.00%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.00%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.00%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            2      0.00%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            1      0.00%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            3      0.00%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            4      0.00%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            4      0.00%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.00%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.00%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.00%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.00%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.00%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           23      0.02%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          809      0.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        95509                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   5450169215                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             17863467965                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3108275000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                9305023750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      8767.19                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  14968.15                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28735.34                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       103.17                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        80.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               103.17                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                80.97                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       1.26                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   582023                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  431953                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 93.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     347561.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    184139718                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4799                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4799                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            487852                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            616856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           616855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1731161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1731161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     71008384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            71008384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               71008384                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1669103919                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1988195743                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       425455142                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    330790088                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      6338062                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    255802342                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       245252944                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     95.875957                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        34943489                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       149334                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            339553303                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             319701                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     3                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        339873004                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           208438916                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            187808                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       208626724                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            547992219                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             507509                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     3                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        548499728                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           257727847                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses            153321                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       257881168                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  136                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1158024964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    515851107                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2197837770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           425455142                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    280196433                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             430947997                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        20508526                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      156010944                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles         8803                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       805359                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          242                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         257727847                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       3534691                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1117048980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.967539                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.873709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        686100983     61.42%     61.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         33435050      2.99%     64.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         45596315      4.08%     68.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         48773791      4.37%     72.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         40619548      3.64%     76.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         70287153      6.29%     82.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         28936646      2.59%     85.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67041068      6.00%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         96258426      8.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1117048980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.367397                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.897919                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        536852753                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     139880982                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         418445311                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       9411629                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       12458304                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     50988034                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        986191                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2174472870                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       2325384                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       12458304                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        551476859                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        25091647                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     78893935                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         414153474                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      34974760                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2159589243                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        9973761                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      14188605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1499644231                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    2805793865                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2771602000                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     34191865                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1426814662                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         72829559                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3923432                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2855958                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          96877188                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    341489683                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    212109380                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     19776688                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      7271937                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2065791398                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5674587                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2052796425                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       581496                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     67434427                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37008253                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        37291                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1117048980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.837696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.872537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    374777379     33.55%     33.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    210570216     18.85%     52.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    181322743     16.23%     68.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    130641220     11.70%     80.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     84772423      7.59%     87.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     76984003      6.89%     94.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     44433242      3.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11334128      1.01%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2213626      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1117048980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         2251995      9.60%      9.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult         716016      3.05%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          8252      0.04%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult         4611      0.02%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             1      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       12782661     54.51%     67.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       7686830     32.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            2      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1487801987     72.48%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      3157692      0.15%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      5790427      0.28%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp          105      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          715      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult      2669337      0.13%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv           58      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            1      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    344312983     16.77%     89.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    209063118     10.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2052796425                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.772670                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            23450366                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011424                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5212917313                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2119734508                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2020903639                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     33756378                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     19180489                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16093589                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2058955037                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        17291752                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     35212895                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     13534237                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        77110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        14790                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      6013691                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1689339                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1478194                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       12458304                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        11332725                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1718353                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2131202228                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      3204372                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     341489683                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    212109380                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      2855945                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           1125                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           899                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        14790                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3054143                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      3542111                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      6596254                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2045232194                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     340012962                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      7564230                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              59736243                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            548639703                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        407160441                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          208626741                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.766138                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2038274654                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2036997228                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1113995617                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1562511999                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.759027                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.712952                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     73111310                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5637296                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      5371838                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1104590676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.862977                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.304079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    421711692     38.18%     38.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    243153108     22.01%     60.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    154876549     14.02%     74.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     59370706      5.37%     79.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     51343558      4.65%     84.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     54540234      4.94%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     41013677      3.71%     92.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     25998092      2.35%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     52583060      4.76%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1104590676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2057826912                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2057826912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              534051133                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             327955446                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars             2818580                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          398819024                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           15974709                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1966709693                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     33249484                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      52583060                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3182831360                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4274335505                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  434967                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                40975984                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.579012                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.579012                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.727078                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.727078                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2711107768                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1443935455                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          21586599                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         11414090                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         6675875                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        5637161                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1             48344                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1141                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.368835                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008705                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 2158025039                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         713161.344017                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          713161.344017                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            8751.172680                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    494432                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 19018.161996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      794660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    620308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.281073                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    17073.955790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   163.884171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   179.076634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       1393.788564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        207.456838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.130264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.001250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.001366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.010634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.001583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.145097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       352927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  352927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1055420                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1055420                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        92502                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 92502                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        445429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   445429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       445429                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  445429                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       616856                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              616856                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       620533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 621655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1122                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       620533                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                621655                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64386449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    223953991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       288340440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36469177510                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   36469177510                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64386449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36693131501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      36757517950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64386449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36693131501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     36757517950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       356604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              357726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1055420                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1055420                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       709358                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            709358                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1065962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1067084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1065962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1067084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.013415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.869598                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.869598                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.582134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.582574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.582134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.582574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57385.426916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60906.714985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60083.442384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59121.055011                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59121.055011                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57385.426916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59131.636031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59128.484368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57385.426916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59131.636031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59128.484368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               487852                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    487852                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       616856                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         616856                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       620533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            621655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       620533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           621655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55785925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    195637331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    251423256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31701660080                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31701660080                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55785925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31897297411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31953083336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55785925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31897297411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31953083336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.013415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.869598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.869598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.582134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.582574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.582134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.582574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 49720.075758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53205.692412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52390.759742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51392.318596                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51392.318596                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 49720.075758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51403.063835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51400.026278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 49720.075758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51403.063835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51400.026278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   352262272                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             357726                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            357726                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1055420                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           709358                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          709357                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3187343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3189587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        71808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    135768384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          135840192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             135840192                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1409703911                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1304548                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1144626148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2158024815                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 15705934.630558                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  15705934.630558                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                19                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1869.804371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1257724681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2707                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          464619.387144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   287.016780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1582.787591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.070072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.386423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.456495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    257726243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       257726243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    257726243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        257726243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    257726243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       257726243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     89496592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89496592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     89496592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89496592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     89496592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89496592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    257727842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    257727842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    257727842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    257727842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    257727842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    257727842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55970.351470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55970.351470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55970.351470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55970.351470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55970.351470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55970.351470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1426                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                21                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    67.904762                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          477                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          477                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65529884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65529884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65529884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65529884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65529884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65529884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58404.531194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58404.531194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58404.531194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58404.531194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58404.531194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58404.531194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1242                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           39                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.303223                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.009521                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         2158025055                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 27550535.313518                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  27550535.313518                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     333.713930                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1063029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          3483.700857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           762033558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1067086                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            714.125720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  3263.340364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   220.360493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.796714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.053799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.850513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    298386290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       298386290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    192657977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      192657977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2818580                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      2818580                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2818580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      2818580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    491044267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        491044267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    491044267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       491044267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       449811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        449811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10619129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10619129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     11068940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       11068940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     11068940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      11068940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2647689958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2647689958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 585595045885                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 585595045885                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        94555                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        94555                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 588242735843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 588242735843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 588242735843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 588242735843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    298836101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    298836101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    203277106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    203277106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2818584                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2818584                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2818580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      2818580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    502113207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    502113207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    502113207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    502113207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052240                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.052240                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000001                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5886.227678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5886.227678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55145.299194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55145.299194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23638.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23638.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53143.547245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53143.547245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53143.547245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53143.547245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2477184                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     71122232                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            174747                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets          450020                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.175831                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   158.042380                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1055420                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1055420                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        93209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        93209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9909772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      9909772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10002981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10002981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10002981                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10002981                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       356602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       356602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       709357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       709357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1065959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1065959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1065959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1065959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1692940512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1692940512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37450432658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37450432658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        84599                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        84599                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39143373170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39143373170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39143373170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39143373170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4747.422931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4747.422931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52794.901098                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52794.901098                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28199.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28199.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36721.274618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36721.274618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36721.274618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36721.274618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
