
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.656244                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                656244300132                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               989279268129                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 271966                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   271966                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               59492142                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2351064                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11030.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000004                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    873073856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          873086400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        12544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         12544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    306605312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       306605312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     13641779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            13641975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       4790708                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            4790708                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        19115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1330409812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1330428927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        19115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            19115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       467212152                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            467212152                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       467212152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        19115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1330409812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1797641079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    13641975                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    4790708                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  13641975                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  4790708                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                  873086400                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               306605312                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd            873086400                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            306605312                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0              864569                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1              861246                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2              858941                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3              857136                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4              853931                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5              847643                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6              845388                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7              848901                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8              845631                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9              841824                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10             841446                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11             846368                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12             851835                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13             857612                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14             858332                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15             861170                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              301777                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              300504                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              298942                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              300637                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              299547                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              299832                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              298802                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              299670                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              297586                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              298155                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             297329                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             298626                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             299276                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             301098                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             298732                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             300195                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  656244031068                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              13641975                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              4790708                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6224169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 4308057                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 2210158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  899577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  166676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  206705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  208202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  208290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  208292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  208292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  208292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  208292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  208292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  208292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 208292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 208292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 208292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 208292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 208292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 208291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 208291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 208291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 208291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 208291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 208291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 208291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 208291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  41616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      4250480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    277.535676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   130.386816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   542.562230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65      2665400     62.71%     62.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       289298      6.81%     69.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193       146334      3.44%     72.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257       119702      2.82%     75.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321       108018      2.54%     78.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        92108      2.17%     80.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        79509      1.87%     82.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        70645      1.66%     84.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        60851      1.43%     85.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        57167      1.34%     86.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        57745      1.36%     88.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        55389      1.30%     89.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        44921      1.06%     90.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        35608      0.84%     91.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        66761      1.57%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025       130139      3.06%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089        14484      0.34%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153        13872      0.33%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217        13971      0.33%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281        14837      0.35%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345        12803      0.30%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409        11146      0.26%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        12288      0.29%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         7494      0.18%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         6265      0.15%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         5105      0.12%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729         3967      0.09%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         3353      0.08%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         2795      0.07%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         2582      0.06%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         3459      0.08%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         2719      0.06%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         1611      0.04%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         1501      0.04%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241         1457      0.03%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305         1415      0.03%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369         1323      0.03%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433         1142      0.03%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         1191      0.03%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561         1071      0.03%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625         2108      0.05%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          899      0.02%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          888      0.02%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          797      0.02%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          735      0.02%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          664      0.02%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009         1167      0.03%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          812      0.02%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          496      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          559      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          458      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          414      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          442      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          403      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          379      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          393      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          353      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          308      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          316      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          264      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          299      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          311      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          740      0.02%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          288      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          305      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225          278      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          236      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          202      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          249      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          209      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          206      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          198      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          177      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          203      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          195      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          152      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          153      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          210      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          415      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          165      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          237      0.01%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          145      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          147      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          158      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          160      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          161      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          161      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          196      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          200      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          202      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          163      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          164      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          139      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          259      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          244      0.01%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          101      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          111      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273          111      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337           92      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           87      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          117      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          105      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          105      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          112      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          153      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          130      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          115      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          123      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          574      0.01%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          268      0.01%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          119      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          110      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          102      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297           83      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           65      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           62      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489           68      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           45      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617           59      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           47      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           31      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           36      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           45      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           42      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           55      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           45      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           47      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         4887      0.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      4250480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 215851732371                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            552970746121                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                68209865000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              268909148750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15822.62                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  19711.90                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                40534.51                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1330.43                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       467.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1330.43                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               467.21                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        14.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.84                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.35                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 10496823                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 3685363                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 76.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                76.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      35602.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1797641079                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             9885428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            9885428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           4790708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           3756547                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          3756547                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     32074658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               32074658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1179691712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1179691712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1179691712                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         18900529551                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        43278103268                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        66807069                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     66475706                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       502051                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     66198483                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        65948677                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.622641                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS            1259                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           92                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            696934291                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1127543                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        698061834                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           107374942                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            156352                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       107531294                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            804309233                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1283895                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        805593128                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           212033979                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               132                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       212034111                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1970703728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    435162683                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2387376442                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            66807069                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     65949936                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             343713344                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        44843103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      745421263                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1344                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4314                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          117                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         212033979                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       4824666                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1551247414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.539004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.039615                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1207534070     77.84%     77.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         11343339      0.73%     78.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         13211748      0.85%     79.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          7602286      0.49%     79.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         29035677      1.87%     81.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          8471138      0.55%     82.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          9891666      0.64%     82.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          4305565      0.28%     83.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        259851925     16.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1551247414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.033900                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.211433                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        476346340                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     706972567                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         321783001                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      19201771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       26943734                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       329343                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           641                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2368560374                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          2324                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       26943734                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        503814919                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       572358610                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        70192                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         310405308                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     137654650                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2323002259                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       2500634                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       15252956                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     108852382                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2133353193                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3657433276                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2397553292                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   1259879984                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1834106825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        299246322                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          999                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          775                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         328164356                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    706480456                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    117012429                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13222813                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     11906214                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2154483372                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1432                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2109725022                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      4414621                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    154472386                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    142332095                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          183                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1551247414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.360018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.649979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    735725808     47.43%     47.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    227005747     14.63%     62.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    207331646     13.37%     75.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    178122069     11.48%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    118603074      7.65%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     55558862      3.58%     98.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     21269396      1.37%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7179702      0.46%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       451110      0.03%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1551247414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            7929      0.01%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult        3630704      5.06%      5.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      5.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        775220      1.08%      6.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      6.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      6.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     34195269     47.64%     53.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv      19144269     26.67%     80.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt      3460411      4.82%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       10436301     14.54%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        121459      0.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            2      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     773516520     36.66%     36.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    210689222      9.99%     46.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     46.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    152348980      7.22%     53.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            9      0.00%     53.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        21682      0.00%     53.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    146421982      6.94%     60.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     14793184      0.70%     61.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt      1598201      0.08%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    702789652     33.31%     94.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    107545588      5.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2109725022                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.070544                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            71771562                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.034019                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4433215726                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1529006547                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1410558923                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   1413667911                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    779952805                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    634415603                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1444621222                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       736875360                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9829889                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     68005052                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4671                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2201                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     10047741                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            3                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     51385577                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       26943734                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       402602745                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       8118735                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2155272756                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     58995698                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     706480456                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    117012429                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          754                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        2677976                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        826047                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         2201                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       504384                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6279                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       510663                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2099029962                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     698061844                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     10695056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                787952                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            805593139                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         60652675                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          107531295                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.065117                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2046448613                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2044974526                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1442621618                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1650571086                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.037687                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.874014                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    149967142                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1249                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       501436                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1524303680                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.312553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.558374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1065068612     69.87%     69.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    133001436      8.73%     78.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     42048120      2.76%     81.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     43315446      2.84%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33281600      2.18%     86.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     25876924      1.70%     88.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     20414233      1.34%     89.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     21689666      1.42%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    139607643      9.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1524303680                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2000729238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2000729238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              745440075                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             638475390                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           58929454                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          630739835                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1689204963                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls          970                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     139607643                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3531723583                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4328336703                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 3789612                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               419456314                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000003                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.985352                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.985352                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.014866                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.014866                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2575577852                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1321210616                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         701334620                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        555927985                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads            1435                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           1249                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              1110                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1110                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008469                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008469                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                 1504593654                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  467956877                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         6110803.205844                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         2083199.999700                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          8194003.205544                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 173                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 173                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 8697073.144509                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 2704953.046243                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.762766                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.237234                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            5633.080259                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1       192030                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2       192030                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1     22483426                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2     22483426                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  13576686                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 129291.905359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7150672                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  13706317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.521706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    28199.295933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     1.260648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 99966.102771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       1125.246008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.215144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.762681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.008585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.986419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4497430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 4497430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          6129608                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               6129608                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       728253                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                728253                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       5225683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  5225683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5225683                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 5225683                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9885232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               9885428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3756547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             3756547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     13641779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               13641975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          196                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     13641779                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              13641975                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     16903502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 696866057843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    696882961345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 270178338685                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  270178338685                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     16903502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 967044396528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     967061300030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     16903502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 967044396528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    967061300030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14382662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            14382858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      6129608                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           6129608                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4484800                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4484800                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18867462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             18867658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18867462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            18867658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.687302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.687306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.837618                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.837618                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.723032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.723035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.723032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.723035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86242.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70495.670495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70495.982708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71921.990776                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71921.990776                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86242.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70888.437390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70888.657986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86242.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70888.437390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70888.657986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              4790708                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   4790708                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9885232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          9885428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3756547                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        3756547                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13641779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          13641975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13641779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         13641975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     15412150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 620977606663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 620993018813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 241340963981                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 241340963981                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     15412150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 862318570644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 862333982794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     15412150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 862318570644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 862333982794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.687302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.687306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.837618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.837618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.723032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.723035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.723032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.723035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78633.418367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62818.718535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62819.032096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64245.426446                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64245.426446                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78633.418367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63211.592172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63211.813744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78633.418367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63211.592172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63211.813744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2437849782                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           14382858                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          14382858                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          6129608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4484800                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4484800                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     43864532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              43864924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1599812480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1599825024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1599825024                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12406408506                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            233344                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       20995730137                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2970808611                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 12921350.468629                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  12921350.468629                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2675.806904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1212128502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2737                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          442867.556449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   136.600800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2539.206104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.033350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.619923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.653273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    212033690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       212033690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    212033690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        212033690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    212033690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       212033690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     22899971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22899971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     22899971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22899971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     22899971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22899971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    212033976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    212033976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    212033976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    212033976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    212033976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    212033976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80069.828671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80069.828671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80069.828671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80069.828671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80069.828671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80069.828671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2946                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                16                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   184.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           90                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     17099639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17099639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     17099639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17099639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     17099639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17099639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87243.056122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87243.056122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87243.056122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87243.056122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87243.056122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87243.056122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1246                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           37                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.304199                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.009033                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         1725330088                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          243686779                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 35449058.576037                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 3071116.000084                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  38520174.576121                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          374                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          374                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 4613182.053476                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 651568.927807                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.876239                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.123761                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     232.591807                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        13838                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        13838                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1       102203                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1       349963                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2       452166                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1      1065900                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2      1065900                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1   273.270053                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          18522179                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2976.436475                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           687357959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          18525029                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             37.104285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2975.231557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     1.204917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.726375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.726669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    598639500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       598639500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     83140788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       83140788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    681780288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        681780288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    681780288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       681780288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     37327403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      37327403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     23823273                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     23823273                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     61150676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       61150676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     61150676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      61150676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1935827133460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1935827133460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1470270378351                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1470270378351                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1117007                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1117007                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3406097511811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3406097511811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3406097511811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3406097511811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    635966903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    635966903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    106964061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    106964061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          624                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    742930964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    742930964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    742930964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    742930964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.222722                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.222722                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024038                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024038                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51860.750491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51860.750491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61715.717162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61715.717162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74467.133333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74467.133333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55700.079453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55700.079453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55700.079453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55700.079453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    224847300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           3390846                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    66.310089                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      6129608                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           6129608                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     22944752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     22944752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19338477                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     19338477                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     42283229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     42283229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     42283229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     42283229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14382651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14382651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4484796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4484796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18867447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18867447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18867447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18867447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 724686632445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 724686632445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 276857165681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 276857165681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1088119                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1088119                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1001543798126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1001543798126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1001543798126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1001543798126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041928                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041928                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024038                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024038                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50386.165419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50386.165419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61732.387757                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61732.387757                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72541.266667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72541.266667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53083.164782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53083.164782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53083.164782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53083.164782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
