
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.822672                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                822671909000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1322974614000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 221127                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   221127                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               60638221                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2344664                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13566.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      1491264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     73788160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           75279424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1491264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1491264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     40768960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        40768960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        23301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1152940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1176241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        637015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             637015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1812708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     89693302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              91506010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1812708                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1812708                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        49556767                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             49556767                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        49556767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1812708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     89693302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            141062777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1176241                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     637015                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1176241                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   637015                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   75279424                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                40768960                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             75279424                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             40768960                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    108                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               74396                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               73387                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               74087                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               70614                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               74594                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               76476                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               76011                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               73742                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               68589                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               72103                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              70086                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              72845                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              74440                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              75033                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              75420                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              74310                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               39780                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               40068                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               38836                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               38682                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               40330                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               41526                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               42160                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               39878                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               37874                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               38700                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              38160                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              39847                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              40648                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              39983                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              40031                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              40512                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  822669455500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1176241                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               637015                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  857770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  219545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   78936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   19826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   22791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   27409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   27689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   27696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   27697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   27697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   27697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   27696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   27696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   27696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  27696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  27696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  27696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  27696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  27696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  27696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  27696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  27696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  27696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  27696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  27696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  27696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  27696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   4906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       873950                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    132.777353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    93.965268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   220.231159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64          573946     65.67%     65.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128         159446     18.24%     83.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192          60490      6.92%     90.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256          23599      2.70%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320          12953      1.48%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384           7695      0.88%     95.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448           5691      0.65%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512           4157      0.48%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576           3281      0.38%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640           2738      0.31%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704           2157      0.25%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768           2016      0.23%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832           1541      0.18%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896           1344      0.15%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960           1245      0.14%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024          1276      0.15%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088           928      0.11%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152           838      0.10%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216           651      0.07%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280           920      0.11%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344           574      0.07%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408           444      0.05%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472           388      0.04%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536          1466      0.17%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600           328      0.04%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664           234      0.03%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728           197      0.02%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792           614      0.07%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856           163      0.02%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920           145      0.02%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984           114      0.01%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048           384      0.04%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112           118      0.01%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176            89      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240            85      0.01%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304           248      0.03%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368            81      0.01%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432            82      0.01%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496            72      0.01%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560           176      0.02%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624            58      0.01%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688            70      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752            49      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816           141      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880            51      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944            31      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008            42      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072            97      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136            40      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200            25      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264            39      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328            58      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392            34      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456            27      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520            22      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584            35      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648            20      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712            12      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776             8      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840            18      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904            12      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968            13      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032            10      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096            25      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160             7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224            13      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288             6      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352            15      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416             1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544             5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608             4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672             3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120             7      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248             3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       873950                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  26696880000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             57526067500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5880665000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               24948522500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22698.86                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  21212.33                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                48911.19                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        91.51                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        49.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                91.51                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                49.56                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.07                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.91                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   708435                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  230756                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 60.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                36.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     453697.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    141062777                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              672223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             672223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            637015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            504018                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           504018                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2989497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2989497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    116048384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           116048384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              116048384                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          3454688000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5579534000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       546584072                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    388279274                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     31479661                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    377109211                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       278685493                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     73.900474                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        50032015                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       836491                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            804733861                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses           16318209                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                106273                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        821052070                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           426884151                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           3452251                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                 1048                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       430336402                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1231618012                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           19770460                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                107321                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1251388472                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           521943699                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses           1649414                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       523593113                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 1471                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1645343818                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    611189845                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3546526871                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           546584072                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    328717508                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             674327889                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       175228560                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      165204879                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       207930                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     14011767                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          513                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         521943699                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      13902823                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1600754829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.215534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.065482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        926426940     57.87%     57.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         64158192      4.01%     61.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         67301481      4.20%     66.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         66689055      4.17%     70.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         75222152      4.70%     74.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         62504913      3.90%     78.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         69662686      4.35%     83.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         34006017      2.12%     85.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        234783393     14.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1600754829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.332201                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.155493                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        656740675                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     154029301                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         642730175                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      13953269                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      133301408                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     70263171                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred       2601588                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3435334584                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       8839064                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      133301408                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        683820118                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        41682369                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     69872884                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         628516297                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      43561752                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3340278261                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         17546                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        1005712                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      36379167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2286468692                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4130371354                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4102247764                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     28123590                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1397224081                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        889244595                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2260326                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1765693                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         121867935                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1045232794                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    499569664                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     56371339                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13803558                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         3101848673                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3208906                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2619914479                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     17196341                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1092793067                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    737463024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       544979                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1600754829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.636674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.820556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    649630086     40.58%     40.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    256730629     16.04%     56.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    235460975     14.71%     71.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    167601759     10.47%     81.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    147386354      9.21%     91.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     84708082      5.29%     96.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     41179389      2.57%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     15165977      0.95%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2891578      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1600754829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1898221      2.72%      2.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      2.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      2.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             5      0.00%      2.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp        127394      0.18%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       39768521     57.04%     59.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      27925513     40.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          138      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1298537022     49.56%     49.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       445181      0.02%     49.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     49.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3390202      0.13%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      1390921      0.05%     49.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       572482      0.02%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult       128267      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       128354      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    878739725     33.54%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    436582187     16.66%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2619914479                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.592320                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            69719654                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.026611                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6899634255                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   4171589982                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2476717121                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27865525                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     26561145                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12622984                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2675628918                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        14005077                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     90412624                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    375329811                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       607879                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       305984                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    186749160                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          274                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1127942                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      133301408                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        25652334                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1075740                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   3173580456                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      8935869                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1045232794                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    499569664                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1743498                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         825188                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        206682                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       305984                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     26364524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      7195347                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     33559871                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2539679715                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     821587548                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     80234762                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              68522877                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1252138435                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        387715915                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          430550887                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.543556                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2517690698                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2489340105                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1352125997                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1898511259                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.512960                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.712203                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    928208602                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2663927                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     28969063                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1467453421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.394280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.298169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    811669181     55.31%     55.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    268977234     18.33%     73.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    114669021      7.81%     81.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     54861536      3.74%     85.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     44220457      3.01%     88.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     37280940      2.54%     90.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     23929485      1.63%     92.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     18487174      1.26%     93.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     93358393      6.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1467453421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2046040684                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2046040684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              982723480                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             669902978                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars             1331228                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          320071823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            9094135                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1970277568                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     30290140                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      93358393                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4255335307                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          6081982510                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  422910                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                44588989                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.822672                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.822672                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.215551                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.215551                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3214406637                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1716198737                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          11160346                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          7705635                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         3098933                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2662525                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1               291                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               291                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008881                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008881                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 2645948997                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         2994268.151344                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          2994268.151344                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            2315.546190                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1176603                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32338.772667                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    18284346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1208843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     15.125493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11423.323408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1094.956751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 18477.034112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        122.380869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       1221.077526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.348612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.033415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.563874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.003735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.037264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.986901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9486704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4778920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                14265624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          2442293                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               2442293                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       414859                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                414859                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       9486704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       5193779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 14680483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9486704                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5193779                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                14680483                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       648922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                672223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       504018                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              504018                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1152940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1176241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1152940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1176241                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2065359750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54882539000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56947898750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39995733250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   39995733250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2065359750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  94878272250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      96943632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2065359750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  94878272250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     96943632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9510005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5427842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            14937847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2442293                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           2442293                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       918877                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            918877                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9510005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6346719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             15856724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9510005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6346719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            15856724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.045001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.548515                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.548515                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.074179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.074179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88638.245140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84574.939669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84715.784420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79353.779528                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79353.779528                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88638.245140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82292.462964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82418.171106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88638.245140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82292.462964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82418.171106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               637015                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    637015                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       648922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           672223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       504018                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         504018                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1152940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1176241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1152940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1176241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1797789250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47425469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49223258250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34208823750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34208823750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1797789250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81634292750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  83432082000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1797789250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81634292750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  83432082000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.045001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.548515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.548515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.074179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.074179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77155.025535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73083.466118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73224.596972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67872.226290                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67872.226290                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77155.025535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70805.326166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70931.111906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77155.025535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70805.326166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70931.111906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  1423577340                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           14937847                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          14937847                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          2442293                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           918877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          918877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19020010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15135731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              34155741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    608640320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    562496768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1171137088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1171137088                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        11591801500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       14272578763                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9798076211                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2645949228                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 13607071.996197                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  13607071.996197                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           9510005                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           767687934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           9511029                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             80.715550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   987.065690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    36.934310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.963931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.036069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    512401812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       512401812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    512401812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        512401812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    512401812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       512401812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9541875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       9541875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9541875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        9541875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9541875                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       9541875                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  50193951938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  50193951938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  50193951938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  50193951938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  50193951938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  50193951938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    521943687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    521943687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    521943687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    521943687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    521943687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    521943687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5260.386658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5260.386658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5260.386658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  5260.386658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5260.386658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  5260.386658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        20566                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               243                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    84.633745                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        31870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        31870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        31870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9510005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      9510005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9510005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9510005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9510005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9510005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  30591416976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30591416976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  30591416976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30591416976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  30591416976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30591416976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3216.761398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3216.761398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3216.761398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3216.761398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3216.761398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3216.761398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           58                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            2                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.056641                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.001953                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         2645949227                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 23456880.817640                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  23456880.817640                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      77.955970                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6346719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1072210118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6347741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            168.912077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1013.814119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     8.185881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.990053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.007994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    703375268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       703375268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    307455507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      307455507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1456537                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1456537                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1010830775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1010830775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1010830775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1010830775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      8455885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       8455885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4033766                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4033766                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2061                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2061                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     12489651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       12489651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     12489651                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      12489651                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 185783630922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 185783630922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 219314635273                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 219314635273                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     10309500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     10309500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 405098266195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 405098266195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 405098266195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 405098266195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    711831153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    711831153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    311489273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    311489273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1458598                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1458598                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1023320426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1023320426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1023320426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1023320426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012950                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012950                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001413                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.001413                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21970.926866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21970.926866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54369.697021                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54369.697021                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5002.183406                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5002.183406                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32434.714645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32434.714645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32434.714645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32434.714645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      8604489                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1473                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            156679                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              16                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    54.917947                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    92.062500                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2442293                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2442293                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3029820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3029820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3115173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3115173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6144993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      6144993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6144993                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      6144993                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5426065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5426065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       918593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       918593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2061                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         2061                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6344658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6344658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6344658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6344658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70184684283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  70184684283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41846128564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41846128564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      6187500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6187500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 112030812847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 112030812847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 112030812847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 112030812847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002949                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002949                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001413                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001413                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12934.729732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12934.729732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45554.591167                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45554.591167                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  3002.183406                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3002.183406                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17657.502240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17657.502240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17657.502240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17657.502240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
