
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.623062                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                623062041500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1124128941000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 171535                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   171535                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35625691                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2336508                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 17489.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst         1472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     78389248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           78390720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         1472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          1472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     55349632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        55349632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1224832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1224855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        864838                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             864838                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         2363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    125812909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             125815272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         2363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             2363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        88834864                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             88834864                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        88834864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         2363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    125812909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            214650136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1224855                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     864838                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1224855                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   864838                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   78390720                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                55349632                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             78390720                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             55349632                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    681                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               74689                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               75256                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               75623                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               76724                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               74750                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               82656                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               81903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               81526                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               78486                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               77647                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              78882                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              81590                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              74065                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              71092                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              70124                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              69161                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               52463                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               53066                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               54424                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               54882                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               52954                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               57558                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               57109                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               57421                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               55807                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               55082                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              55486                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              57874                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              51806                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              49992                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              49657                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              49257                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  620421107000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1224855                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               864838                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1089075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   97563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   25692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   11842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   34666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   37542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   37595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   37601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   37602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   37602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   37602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   37602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   37602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   37602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  37602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  37602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  37602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  37602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  37602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  37601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  37601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  37601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  37601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  37601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  37601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  37601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  37601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       894238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    149.441093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.477201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   423.075277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       669817     74.90%     74.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       100730     11.26%     86.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        33450      3.74%     89.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        20058      2.24%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        12539      1.40%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         8944      1.00%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         6740      0.75%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         6897      0.77%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         3590      0.40%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         2824      0.32%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         2408      0.27%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         2103      0.24%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1679      0.19%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1487      0.17%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1284      0.14%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1170      0.13%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1073      0.12%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          896      0.10%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          882      0.10%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          884      0.10%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         1049      0.12%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1169      0.13%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         5784      0.65%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         1367      0.15%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          888      0.10%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          588      0.07%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          337      0.04%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          243      0.03%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          170      0.02%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          144      0.02%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           73      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          106      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           59      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           68      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           77      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           49      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           51      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           48      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           49      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           45      0.01%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           30      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           45      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           40      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           31      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           27      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           18      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           28      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           18      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           22      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           17      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            9      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           20      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           15      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           15      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           17      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           15      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           13      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           13      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           22      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            9      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            4      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           20      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           12      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           11      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           11      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           13      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            7      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            8      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           20      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            7      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            7      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           10      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           11      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            7      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            5      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            9      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            4      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           15      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           10      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            9      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            7      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            5      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            6      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            6      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           10      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            6      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            6      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            7      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697           10      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            5      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            4      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            5      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            5      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            9      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            4      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            7      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            6      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            8      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            4      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            6      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            8      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            4      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            6      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            6      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            7      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            3      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            5      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            7      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            2      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            8      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            4      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            4      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            4      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            5      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            5      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            5      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            8      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            6      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            5      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           12      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           10      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            9      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           12      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           12      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         1499      0.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8320-8321            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8704-8705            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8960-8961            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9088-9089            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9344-9345            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       894238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  19302397250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             52840822250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 6120870000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               27417555000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15767.69                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  22396.78                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43164.47                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       125.82                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        88.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               125.82                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                88.83                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.08                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.84                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   800943                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  393816                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 65.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                45.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     296895.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    214650136                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              613781                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             613781                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            864838                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            611074                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           611074                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3314548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3314548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    133740352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           133740352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              133740352                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          4504198500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5809236500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       341003763                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    287876269                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     16046815                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    184864013                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       183012563                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.998480                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        12473977                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           30                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            691124151                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            7523701                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        698647852                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           181979167                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           8429162                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       190408329                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            873103318                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           15952863                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        889056181                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           349749334                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              9437                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       349758771                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1246124083                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    361759102                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3271875691                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           341003763                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    195486540                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             541751832                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       133333420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      207212176                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        27767                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         349749334                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       6334772                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1222246803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.676935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.396597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        680494971     55.68%     55.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         41485711      3.39%     59.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         23546435      1.93%     61.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         29697411      2.43%     63.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         64768497      5.30%     68.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         37816304      3.09%     71.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         36304350      2.97%     74.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         36841723      3.01%     77.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        271291401     22.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1222246803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.273652                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.625642                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        401263692                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     180051075                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         501337011                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      28099429                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      111495595                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     39718774                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3198221988                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           713                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      111495595                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        427200132                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        98708961                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles         4256                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         502319222                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      82518636                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3119920583                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        8484099                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      64598684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2543534068                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4284143990                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4284122847                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        21143                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1642742419                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        900791615                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          198                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         213461379                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    763011238                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    244949603                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     99894411                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     64302164                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2989907824                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2716290574                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      5648968                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    985668086                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    512051322                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1222246803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.222375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.053999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    378941153     31.00%     31.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    157958868     12.92%     43.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    171776651     14.05%     57.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    176237545     14.42%     72.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    131072445     10.72%     83.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    107772910      8.82%     91.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     71047763      5.81%     97.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     22890883      1.87%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4548585      0.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1222246803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         2547269     22.50%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     22.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        8298313     73.29%     95.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        476739      4.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           84      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1805166567     66.46%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         1291      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd          334      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          445      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            7      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv           46      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    716711546     26.39%     92.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    194410254      7.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2716290574                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.179791                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            11322321                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.004168                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6671787421                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   3975605397                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2621087964                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        11814                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        14996                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         4267                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2727606493                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses            6318                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     51870593                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    246169216                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       139918                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        45731                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     90048948                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          710                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       716200                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      111495595                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        68392361                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        668450                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2995458180                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     12407224                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     763011238                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    244949603                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         302245                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          9228                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        45731                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      8634138                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     10298412                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     18932550                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2673041735                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     698647911                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     43248834                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               5550356                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            889056256                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        265101244                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          190408345                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.145085                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2648648027                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2621092231                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1780413658                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        2255951058                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.103396                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.789208                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    815483210                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     16046611                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1110751208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.804888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.642182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    544572074     49.03%     49.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    187351144     16.87%     65.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    111195432     10.01%     75.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     68094990      6.13%     82.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25407811      2.29%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     16053805      1.45%     85.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     19641939      1.77%     87.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     16469633      1.48%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    121964380     10.98%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1110751208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2004781352                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2004781352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              671742670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             516842016                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                   0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          210045741                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                650                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1984437640                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      7766450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     121964380                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3739562022                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5752174973                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  389572                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                23877280                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.623062                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.623062                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.604977                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.604977                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3633337812                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      2194341633                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads              4178                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              655                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads              84                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes             42                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1               280                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               280                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008545                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008545                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 2248257856                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         4188127.193319                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          4188127.193319                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            2315.546190                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1225243                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32273.453120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    22227848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1257725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     17.673059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    18571.439110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.353216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 13520.404884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        181.255911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.566755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.412610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.005531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.984908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13999623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                13999623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          7260213                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               7260213                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3110415                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3110415                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      17110038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 17110038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     17110038                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                17110038                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       613758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                613781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       611074                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              611074                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1224832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1224855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1224832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1224855                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1697750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43778116250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43779814000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50081234000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   50081234000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1697750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  93859350250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      93861048000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1697750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  93859350250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     93861048000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14613381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            14613404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7260213                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           7260213                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3721489                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3721489                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18334870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             18334893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18334870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            18334893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.042001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.164201                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.164201                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.066805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.066805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73815.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71327.976580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71328.069784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81956.087151                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81956.087151                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73815.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76630.387065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76630.334203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73815.217391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76630.387065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76630.334203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               864838                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    864838                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       613758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           613781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       611074                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         611074                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1224832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1224855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1224832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1224855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1433250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36729280750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36730714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43062151000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43062151000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1433250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79791431750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  79792865000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1433250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79791431750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  79792865000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.042001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.164201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.066805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.066805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62315.217391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59843.261921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59843.354552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70469.617428                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70469.617428                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62315.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65144.796797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65144.743664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62315.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65144.796797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65144.743664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2629090965                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           14613404                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          14613404                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          7260213                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3721489                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3721489                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     43929953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              43929999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1638085312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1638086784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1638086784                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20057766000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             40250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       27795178000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2248257880                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 9117965.109516                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  9117965.109516                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           751.838685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1351881216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               757                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1785840.443857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    19.564230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   732.274455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.019106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.715112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.734217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    349749310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       349749310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    349749310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        349749310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    349749310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       349749310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total             24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total            24                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1785500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1785500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1785500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1785500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1785500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1785500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    349749334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    349749334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    349749334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    349749334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    349749334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    349749334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74395.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74395.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74395.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74395.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74395.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74395.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1720750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1720750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1720750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1720750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1720750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1720750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74815.217391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74815.217391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74815.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74815.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74815.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74815.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           66                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.064453                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         2248257882                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 18138050.880320                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  18138050.880320                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      77.955970                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          18334870                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           768786842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          18335894                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             41.927972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1022.544933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     1.455067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    617722831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       617722831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    148319075                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      148319075                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    766041906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        766041906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    766041906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       766041906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     20817059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      20817059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6581579                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6581579                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     27398638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       27398638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     27398638                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      27398638                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 290136480500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 290136480500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 189405657125                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 189405657125                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 479542137625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 479542137625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 479542137625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 479542137625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    638539890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    638539890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    154900654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    154900654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    793440544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    793440544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    793440544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    793440544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13937.438545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13937.438545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28778.148393                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28778.148393                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17502.407880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17502.407880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17502.407880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17502.407880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4503749                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3722                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            266168                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              98                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.920700                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    37.979592                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7260213                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7260213                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6203672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6203672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2860096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2860096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9063768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9063768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9063768                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9063768                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14613387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14613387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3721483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3721483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18334870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18334870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18334870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18334870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  89429602500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  89429602500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  60157512412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60157512412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 149587114912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 149587114912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 149587114912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 149587114912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6119.703974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6119.703974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16164.930059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16164.930059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8158.613337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8158.613337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8158.613337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8158.613337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
