
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.312813                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1312812740000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1812860278500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 259481                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   259481                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              113549802                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2209580                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11561.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1366438016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1366460160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        22144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    582138240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       582138240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     21350594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            21350940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       9095910                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            9095910                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        16868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1040847620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1040864488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        16868                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16868                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       443428238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            443428238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       443428238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        16868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1040847620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1484292726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    21350940                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    9095910                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  21350940                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  9095910                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1366460160                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               582138240                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1366460160                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            582138240                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1334515                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1334451                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1337036                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1333223                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1333596                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1333314                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1334437                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1333169                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1333779                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1333461                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1335891                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1334888                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1334587                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1335865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1333928                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1334800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              568305                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              568308                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              568309                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              568433                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              568662                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              568775                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              569032                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              568747                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              568868                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              568613                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             568580                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             568350                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             568237                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             568390                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             568022                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             568279                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1312812465000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              21350940                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              9095910                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 7267130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 6660249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 4970814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                 2452731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  311872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  391815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  395474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  395475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  395475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  395475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  395475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  395475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  395474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  395474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 395474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 395474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 395474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 395474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 395474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 395474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 395474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 395474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 395474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 395474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 395474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 395474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 395474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  83603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   3660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples     14461707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    134.736139                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.256527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   385.007977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65     10662670     73.73%     73.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       521469      3.61%     77.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193      1769486     12.24%     89.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257       849452      5.87%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321       167210      1.16%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        87834      0.61%     97.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        42021      0.29%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        22658      0.16%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        47637      0.33%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        81504      0.56%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        52316      0.36%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        59887      0.41%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         5683      0.04%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1694      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1674      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1471      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1309      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         1898      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         5851      0.04%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         2143      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         1557      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1764      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        13023      0.09%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          830      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         1453      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         1701      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          314      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          209      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          299      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          292      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          204      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          195      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          229      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         4034      0.03%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241          236      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          206      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369          441      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433          252      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          250      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561          190      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625          365      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          371      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          272      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          206      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          148      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          158      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          160      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073         2547      0.02%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          113      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          186      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          174      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          363      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393         6194      0.04%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          255      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          246      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          150      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          137      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          140      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          103      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           62      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          152      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           57      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           60      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           62      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           79      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           97      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           72      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           71      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           88      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           80      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           67      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          176      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          161      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          212      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          182      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          224      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          374      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          172      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           98      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           83      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          106      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249         1286      0.01%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          615      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          569      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          122      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          128      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          138      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          107      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          157      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761         4505      0.03%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          306      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           63      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953           48      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           41      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           20      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           24      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           37      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           40      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337           41      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           31      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465           50      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529           33      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           42      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657           34      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           32      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           42      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849           75      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          385      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977         1544      0.01%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041         5327      0.04%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          100      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           49      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233           25      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          279      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           25      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           31      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489           31      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           32      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617           35      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           27      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           27      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           28      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           24      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           54      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            8      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           12      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           92      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        16415      0.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total     14461707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 476576370500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            1195904048000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               106754700000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              612572977500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22321.10                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  28690.68                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                56011.78                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1040.86                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       443.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1040.86                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               443.43                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        11.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.91                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.54                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  9376702                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 6608433                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 43.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                72.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      43118.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1484292726                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            12279521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           12279521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           9095910                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           9071419                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          9071419                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     51797790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               51797790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1948598400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1948598400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1948598400                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         51607065000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       101217612000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        52314578                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     38689932                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       235716                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     39614188                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        32826531                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     82.865591                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         5446063                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           17                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            690116353                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             369577                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        690485930                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           169637137                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            349663                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       169986800                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            859753490                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             719240                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        860472730                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           314468035                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                65                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       314468100                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   17                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               2625678665                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    354413135                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3629485073                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            52314578                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     38272594                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             503724293                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       156687281                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     1349844349                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1100                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         314468035                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      13172267                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2311426454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.570236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.101076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1807702161     78.21%     78.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         13506458      0.58%     78.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         21587482      0.93%     79.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          9800100      0.42%     80.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         15492094      0.67%     80.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         13843055      0.60%     81.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6899067      0.30%     81.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          9942998      0.43%     82.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        412653039     17.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2311426454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.019924                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.382304                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        494774802                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    1248659292                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         401482552                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      63066495                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      103443312                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      8174557                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           138                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3319441209                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           515                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      103443312                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        564132888                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       667111856                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    178942541                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         383867968                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     413927888                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3086833632                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       7454850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      145408828                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     244918982                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2830358553                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4697973419                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1244940049                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   3453033370                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1784004654                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       1046353840                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts     10399641                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts           72                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         969390731                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    760856428                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    180086166                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6267391                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2085300                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2606818162                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          100                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2323584215                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     48736244                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    606796346                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    730513304                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           39                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2311426454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.005260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.409267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1228485338     53.15%     53.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    465956250     20.16%     73.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    278209629     12.04%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    167746299      7.26%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     88806258      3.84%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     56228447      2.43%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     21446142      0.93%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3459037      0.15%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1089054      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2311426454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          109414      0.01%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult          11499      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          6254      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp         30005      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             1      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult    988175185     49.23%     49.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv    1003838756     50.01%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       12133157      0.60%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       2916197      0.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      5197191      0.22%      0.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     611981926     26.34%     26.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2859956      0.12%     26.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     26.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    340243542     14.64%     41.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      7841713      0.34%     41.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     13874502      0.60%     42.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    240424872     10.35%     52.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv    198364013      8.54%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    732449000     31.52%     92.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    170347500      7.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2323584215                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.884946                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt          2007220468                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.863847                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4106661369                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1059936186                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    841384833                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   4907890224                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   2153685672                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1255252335                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      889017502                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      3436589990                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21430614                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    235635732                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        70833                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7252                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     11609456                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked    165781172                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      103443312                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       203964724                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      19361400                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2618587395                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      9206168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     760856428                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    180086166                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           66                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       12562575                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        678819                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7252                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       180557                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55157                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       235714                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2256121908                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     690485930                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     67462304                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              11769133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            860472730                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         48081628                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          169986800                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.859253                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2097428562                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2096637168                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1154690524                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1301615184                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.798512                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.887121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    605597016                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           61                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       235581                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2207983142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.911116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.134046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1671876269     75.72%     75.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    173477596      7.86%     83.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     99237449      4.49%     88.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     48284538      2.19%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     29084412      1.32%     91.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     20024520      0.91%     92.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     18212951      0.82%     93.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     13098009      0.59%     93.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    134687398      6.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2207983142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2011729309                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2011729309                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              693697387                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             525220677                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  22                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           47765975                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1241535438                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1225659609                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      5444549                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     134687398                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4688235373                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5338096642                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 3953103                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               314252211                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000005                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.312839                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.312839                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.761708                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.761708                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1660552109                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       738113024                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1634647134                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1138548831                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        49120673                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2598640                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 5                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 5                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.000153                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.000153                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                 2451731299                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  182631545                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         19907128.052790                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         1451208.000245                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          21358336.053035                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 761                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 761                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 3221723.126150                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 239988.889619                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.930673                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.069327                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg             296.145448                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1         3805                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2         3805                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1     24932643                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2     24932643                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  21348118                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32514.996318                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    73185262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  21380852                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.422935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14271.955338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.549264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 18233.620371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          8.871345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.435546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.556446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.992279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     32305288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                32305288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         49942267                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total              49942267                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     40651140                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              40651140                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      72956428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 72956428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     72956428                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                72956428                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12279175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              12279521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9071419                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             9071419                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     21350594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               21350940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     21350594                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              21350940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24623500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1144884997250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1144909620750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 832022170750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  832022170750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24623500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1976907168000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1976931791500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24623500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1976907168000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1976931791500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     44584463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            44584809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     49942267                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          49942267                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49722559                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          49722559                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     94307022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             94307368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     94307022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            94307368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.275414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.275419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.182441                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.182441                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.226395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.226397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.226395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.226397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71166.184971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93237.941250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93237.319334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91719.076227                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91719.076227                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71166.184971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92592.607400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92592.260177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71166.184971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92592.607400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92592.260177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              9095910                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   9095910                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12279175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         12279521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9071419                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        9071419                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21350594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          21350940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21350594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         21350940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     20653500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1003883346750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1003904000250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 727890687250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 727890687250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     20653500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1731774034000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1731794687500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     20653500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1731774034000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1731794687500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.275414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.275419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.182441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.182441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.226395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.226397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.226395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.226397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59692.196532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81754.950699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81754.329037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80240.002942                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80240.002942                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59692.196532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81111.281213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81110.934109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59692.196532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81111.281213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81110.934109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  7032211196                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           44584809                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          44584806                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         49942267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         49722559                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        49722559                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    238556308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             238557000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        22144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   9231954304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         9231976448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            9231976448                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       122067084500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              9.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            601498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      146412335500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            11.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         3625720548                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 7924594.466187                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  7924594.466187                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      53.224000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               238                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           931.698544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1314543981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1064408.081781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   108.660832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   823.037712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.106114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.803748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.909862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    314467504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       314467504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    314467504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        314467504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    314467504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       314467504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33774998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33774998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33774998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     33774998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33774998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     33774998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    314468034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    314468034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    314468034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    314468034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    314468034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    314468034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63726.411321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63726.411321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63726.411321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63726.411321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63726.411321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63726.411321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          106                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          106                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24972502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24972502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24972502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24972502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24972502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24972502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72174.861272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72174.861272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72174.861272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72174.861272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72174.861272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72174.861272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           29                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.028320                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         2476459569                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          149788289                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 12755364.666995                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 814799.999434                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  13570164.666429                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          346                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          346                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 7157397.598266                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 432914.130058                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.942965                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.057035                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg       9.635349                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1         2929                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1         7105                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        10034                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       344270                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       344270                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1     8.465318                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          94296985                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           996.463750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           784772993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          94297980                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              8.322267                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   993.075085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     3.388666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.969800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.003309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    461633820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       461633820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    107890384                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      107890384                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    569524204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        569524204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    569524204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       569524204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     49662552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      49662552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     60586304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     60586304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    110248856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      110248856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    110248856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     110248856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1655055562500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1655055562500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1908346671366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1908346671366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       172500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       172500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3563402233866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3563402233866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3563402233866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3563402233866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    511296372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    511296372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    168476688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    168476688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    679773060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    679773060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    679773060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    679773060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.359612                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.359612                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.162185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.162185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.162185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.162185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33326.027275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33326.027275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31497.987918                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31497.987918                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        86250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        86250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32321.444078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32321.444078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32321.444078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32321.444078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    616610636                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs          25434989                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.242615                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     49942267                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          49942267                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      5078075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      5078075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10863761                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     10863761                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     15941836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     15941836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     15941836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     15941836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     44584477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     44584477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49722543                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     49722543                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     94307020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     94307020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     94307020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     94307020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1369286957250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1369286957250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1102796577436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1102796577436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       167500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       167500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2472083534686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2472083534686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2472083534686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2472083534686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.295130                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295130                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.138733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.138733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.138733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.138733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30712.190641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30712.190641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22179.005958                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22179.005958                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        83750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26213.144416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26213.144416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26213.144416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26213.144416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
