
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.838778                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                838778333000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1338830838000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 338082                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   338082                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               94525292                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2206688                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  8873.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1042187968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1042262208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         74240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    330287808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       330287808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     16284187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            16285347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       5160747                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            5160747                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        88510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1242507021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1242595531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        88510                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            88510                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       393772461                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            393772461                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       393772461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        88510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1242507021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1636367991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    16285347                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    5160747                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  16285347                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  5160747                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1042262208                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               330287808                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1042262208                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            330287808                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    505                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1037853                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1036056                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1028819                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1024244                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1016504                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1007735                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1003109                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1002521                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1000275                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1002025                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1007170                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1016905                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1019468                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1025860                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1025385                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1030913                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              326816                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              325384                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              324026                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              325476                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              324843                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              321626                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              320765                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              321245                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              319527                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              320167                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             319223                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             323124                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             320910                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             322739                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             320684                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             324192                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  838778152000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              16285347                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              5160747                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 7145992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 4966858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 3108511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                 1063439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  194567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  223540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  224345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  29814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5039615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    272.341566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   117.035455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   679.347141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65      3517151     69.79%     69.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       259814      5.16%     74.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193       136641      2.71%     77.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257       102087      2.03%     79.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        86429      1.71%     81.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        79917      1.59%     82.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        67014      1.33%     84.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        74807      1.48%     85.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        44190      0.88%     86.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        40256      0.80%     87.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        84981      1.69%     89.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        80846      1.60%     90.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        25671      0.51%     91.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        21291      0.42%     91.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        73573      1.46%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025       154894      3.07%     96.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         6358      0.13%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         6122      0.12%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         5851      0.12%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         6914      0.14%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         5229      0.10%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         7245      0.14%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        87268      1.73%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         2314      0.05%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          945      0.02%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          782      0.02%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          693      0.01%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          623      0.01%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          641      0.01%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          625      0.01%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         4868      0.10%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         1118      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          625      0.01%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177          602      0.01%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241          639      0.01%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          625      0.01%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369          758      0.02%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433          748      0.01%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          790      0.02%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561         2180      0.04%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625         2133      0.04%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          602      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          568      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          616      0.01%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          741      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          700      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          550      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          553      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          412      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          509      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          450      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          359      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          374      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          405      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          501      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          402      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          405      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          393      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          365      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          328      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          291      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          299      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          407      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          553      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          410      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225          363      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          310      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          333      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          386      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          259      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          219      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          212      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          165      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          185      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          165      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          184      0.00%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          159      0.00%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          171      0.00%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          252      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          172      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          482      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          387      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          201      0.00%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          184      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          261      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          262      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          137      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          173      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          171      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          160      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          166      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          165      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          189      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          515      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          498      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          162      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          143      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273          143      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          221      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          215      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          318      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          175      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          204      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          208      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          201      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          199      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          236      0.00%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          229      0.00%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          261      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          514      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          281      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          207      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          150      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          131      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           97      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          104      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          123      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          122      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          129      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          135      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          134      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          151      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          158      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          154      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          169      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065          119      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129          106      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        18739      0.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8320-8321            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8384-8385            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8704-8705            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8768-8769            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8832-8833            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9024-9025            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9088-9089            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9216-9217            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9280-9281            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9408-9409            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9536-9537            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::10112-10113            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5039615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 216182708250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            631890400750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                81424210000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              334283482500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13275.09                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  20527.28                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38802.37                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1242.60                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       393.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1242.60                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               393.77                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        12.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.75                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.57                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 12091140                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 4314827                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 74.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      39111.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1636367991                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            12280041                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           12280041                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           5160747                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4005306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4005306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     37731441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               37731441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1372550016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1372550016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1372550016                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         31366035000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        77174783750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        70887495                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     70520977                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       505585                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     70235721                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        69963305                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.612140                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS            1321                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           84                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            694166226                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1121691                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        695287917                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           107409251                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            159941                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       107569192                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            801575477                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1281632                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        802857109                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           216477193                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               123                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       216477316                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1677557482                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226020817                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2449309485                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            70887495                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     69964626                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             354431584                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        48921221                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      741315056                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           78                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2628                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          280                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         216477193                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       5477981                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1354436136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.808361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.215671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1000004552     73.83%     73.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         12061722      0.89%     74.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         13784367      1.02%     75.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          8300891      0.61%     76.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         32396429      2.39%     78.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          8127715      0.60%     79.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          9848287      0.73%     80.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3835041      0.28%     80.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        266077132     19.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1354436136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.042256                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.460045                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        302381660                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     675685302                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         283664810                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      60039265                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       32665098                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       360390                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           611                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2378119635                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          2163                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       32665098                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        337519570                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       481683363                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        55210                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         301731579                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     200781315                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2305379085                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       4450515                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       13835881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     166885694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2110131169                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3622265429                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2357883165                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   1264382264                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1834106852                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        276024277                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1168                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          955                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         498500408                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    717079126                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    120762366                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13657997                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     11589735                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2202648364                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1574                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2120443833                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7340191                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    202638564                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    223383034                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          325                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1354436136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.565555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.772180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    589083564     43.49%     43.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    184080765     13.59%     57.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    191863624     14.17%     71.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    157318644     11.62%     82.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    128640054      9.50%     92.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     65945032      4.87%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     26752992      1.98%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10135128      0.75%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       616333      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1354436136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            7416      0.01%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult        5076001      6.57%      6.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      6.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        756768      0.98%      7.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      7.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      7.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     36475900     47.22%     54.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv      15764758     20.41%     75.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt      7960865     10.31%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       10735734     13.90%     99.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        461775      0.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            2      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     774862489     36.54%     36.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    210675711      9.94%     46.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     46.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    153021368      7.22%     53.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            8      0.00%     53.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        21693      0.00%     53.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    146475119      6.91%     60.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     14806151      0.70%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt      1598156      0.08%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    711372100     33.55%     94.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    107611036      5.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2120443833                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.264007                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            77239217                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.036426                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4250619247                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1544655684                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1403602920                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   1429283959                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    860635386                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    635239419                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1451708584                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       745974464                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9754124                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     78603718                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4995                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2617                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     13797638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     48183046                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       32665098                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       303339639                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       9798400                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2203444020                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      5587144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     717079126                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    120762366                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          876                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3281869                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       1024918                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         2617                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       507296                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6384                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       513680                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2089638868                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     695287927                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     30804961                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                794082                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            802857122                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         60718653                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          107569195                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.245644                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2040414944                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2038842339                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1396003910                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1598542628                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.215364                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.873298                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    198147797                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1249                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       504990                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1321771038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.513673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.757337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    894912974     67.71%     67.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    112168976      8.49%     76.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     33202822      2.51%     78.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     37992349      2.87%     81.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     26666928      2.02%     83.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     23321090      1.76%     85.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     21952737      1.66%     87.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     19237311      1.46%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    152315851     11.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1321771038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2000729236                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2000729236                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              745440126                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             638475399                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           58929385                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          630740034                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1689204795                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls          970                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     152315851                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3364663347                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4430423461                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 4510452                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               323121346                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.838779                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.838779                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.192210                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.192210                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2558526572                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1314211535                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         702618738                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        556795953                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads            1435                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           1249                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 2677661546                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         4839402.180008                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          4839402.180008                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            1677.560000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  16285421                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32490.430315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7504633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  16317980                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.459900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6714.533491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     1.867555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 25703.442996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         70.586273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.204911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.784407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.002154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.991529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4259209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 4259215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          7132050                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               7132050                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1146510                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1146510                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       5405719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  5405725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5405719                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 5405725                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12278881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              12280041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4005306                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4005306                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     16284187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16285347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     16284187                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16285347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78038750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 925628513500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    925706552250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 300576927500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  300576927500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78038750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1226205441000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1226283479750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78038750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1226205441000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1226283479750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16538090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            16539256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7132050                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           7132050                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5151816                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           5151816                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21689906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             21691072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21689906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            21691072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.742461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.742478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.777455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.777455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.750773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.750786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.750773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.750786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67274.784483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75383.784035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75383.018041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75044.685100                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75044.685100                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67274.784483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75300.378275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75299.806614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67274.784483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75300.378275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75299.806614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              5160747                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   5160747                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12278881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         12280041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4005306                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4005306                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16284187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          16285347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16284187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         16285347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64713250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 784664662500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 784729375750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 254633842500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 254633842500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64713250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1039298505000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1039363218250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64713250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1039298505000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1039363218250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.742461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.742478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.777455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.750773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.750786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.750773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.750786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55787.284483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63903.596956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63902.830271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63574.129542                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63574.129542                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55787.284483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63822.560193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63821.987843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55787.284483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63822.560193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63821.987843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2199245898                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           16539256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          16539256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          7132050                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          5151816                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         5151816                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     50511862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              50514194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        74624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1844605184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1844679808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1844679808                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        21543611000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2031500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       36423921000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2677661675                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 5455225.269774                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  5455225.269774                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      52.818200                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              1166                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           783728303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          357866.805023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   430.592393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   593.407607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.420500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.579500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    216475427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       216475427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    216475427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        216475427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    216475427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       216475427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    119779497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    119779497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    119779497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    119779497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    119779497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    119779497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    216477193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    216477193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    216477193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    216477193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    216477193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    216477193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67825.309740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67825.309740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67825.309740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67825.309740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67825.309740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67825.309740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          962                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          467                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    68.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   233.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          600                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          600                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79248747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79248747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79248747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79248747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79248747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79248747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67966.335334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67966.335334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67966.335334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67966.335334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67966.335334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67966.335334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2677661676                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 18733413.792056                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  18733413.792056                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      52.818200                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          21689906                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           680683532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          21690930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             31.381021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1023.820557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.179443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    596959944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       596959944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     81830999                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       81830999                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    678790943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        678790943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    678790943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       678790943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     39464141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      39464141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     25133104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     25133104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     64597245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       64597245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     64597245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      64597245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2273793377500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2273793377500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1539652837018                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1539652837018                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1926250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1926250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3813446214518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3813446214518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3813446214518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3813446214518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    636424085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    636424085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    106964103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    106964103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          629                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    743388188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    743388188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    743388188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    743388188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.234968                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.234968                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031797                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.031797                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57616.695052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57616.695052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61259.955675                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61259.955675                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96312.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96312.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59034.192782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59034.192782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59034.192782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59034.192782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    199119900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           3576389                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    55.676242                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7132050                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7132050                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     22926071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     22926071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19981288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     19981288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     42907359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     42907359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     42907359                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     42907359                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16538070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     16538070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5151816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      5151816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21689886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21689886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21689886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21689886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 964808497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 964808497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 311555642817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 311555642817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1877750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1877750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1276364139817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1276364139817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1276364139817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1276364139817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048164                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048164                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031797                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031797                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58338.639092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58338.639092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60474.916576                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60474.916576                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93887.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93887.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58846.051096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58846.051096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58846.051096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58846.051096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
