
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.849172                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                849172291000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1350266107500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 198464                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   198464                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               56176728                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2357240                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15116.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       753024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    557940864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          558693888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       753024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        753024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    101278016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       101278016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        11766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      8717826                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8729592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1582469                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1582469                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       886774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    657040827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             657927601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       886774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           886774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       119266746                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            119266746                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       119266746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       886774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    657040827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            777194347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     8729592                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1582469                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8729592                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1582469                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                  558693888                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               101278016                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd            558693888                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            101278016                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    449                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0              573463                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1              532273                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2              595239                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3              544576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4              458833                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5              594679                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6              574324                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7              521802                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8              552826                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9              563963                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10             557010                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11             570272                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12             566273                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13             575353                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14             559380                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15             388877                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              103266                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              102693                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              102668                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               98881                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               95127                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              101261                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               98760                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               95660                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              100488                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               98966                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              98728                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             100417                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             103542                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             101432                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             102901                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              77679                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  849170445000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               8729592                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1582469                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6838951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 1448645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  333216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  108259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   61986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   68669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   68785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   68799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   68801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   68803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   68803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   68803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   68803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   68803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  68803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  68803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  68803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  68803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  68803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  68803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  68803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  68803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  68803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  68803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  68803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  68803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  68803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   6817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2003223                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    329.439956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   144.484796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   754.496310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       969993     48.42%     48.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       343228     17.13%     65.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193       161860      8.08%     73.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        99560      4.97%     78.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        63446      3.17%     81.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        47079      2.35%     84.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        35138      1.75%     85.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        30931      1.54%     87.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        23643      1.18%     88.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        19934      1.00%     89.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        15577      0.78%     90.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        15402      0.77%     91.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        13012      0.65%     91.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        11823      0.59%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        10336      0.52%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         9661      0.48%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         8683      0.43%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         7881      0.39%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         6060      0.30%     94.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         5728      0.29%     94.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         5921      0.30%     95.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         6085      0.30%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         4537      0.23%     95.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         4599      0.23%     95.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         4525      0.23%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         4387      0.22%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729         3737      0.19%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         3625      0.18%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         3389      0.17%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         3106      0.16%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         3062      0.15%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         3047      0.15%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         2398      0.12%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         1917      0.10%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241         1660      0.08%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305         1409      0.07%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369         1298      0.06%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433         1140      0.06%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         1020      0.05%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561         1077      0.05%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625         1267      0.06%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689         1045      0.05%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          930      0.05%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          886      0.04%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          802      0.04%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          719      0.04%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          702      0.04%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          657      0.03%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          572      0.03%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          583      0.03%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          651      0.03%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          796      0.04%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          656      0.03%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          798      0.04%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          749      0.04%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          684      0.03%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          789      0.04%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          646      0.03%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777         1212      0.06%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          812      0.04%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          497      0.02%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          771      0.04%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          628      0.03%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097         1319      0.07%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161         3171      0.16%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225         2064      0.10%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289         1247      0.06%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353         1128      0.06%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          833      0.04%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          504      0.03%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          516      0.03%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          504      0.03%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          355      0.02%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          294      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          218      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          441      0.02%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          198      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          175      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          196      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          214      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          204      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          200      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          201      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          212      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          160      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          144      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          127      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          143      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          166      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          149      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          166      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          136      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          142      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          142      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          131      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          146      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          153      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273          183      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          247      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          201      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          204      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          154      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          158      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          193      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          188      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          186      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          171      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          226      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          234      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          197      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          230      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          227      0.01%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          267      0.01%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          297      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          284      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          271      0.01%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          234      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          211      0.01%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          362      0.02%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          539      0.03%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          589      0.03%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          630      0.03%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          451      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          265      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          118      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           65      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           40      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          736      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2003223                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  66632816250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            251355332500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                43645715000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              141076801250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7633.37                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  16161.59                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28794.96                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       657.93                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       119.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               657.93                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               119.27                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.30                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.43                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  7592616                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  715773                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                45.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      82347.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    777194347                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             7936867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7936867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1582469                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            792725                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           792725                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19041653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               19041653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    659971904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           659971904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              659971904                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         11485906500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        41408760500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       539630480                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    463468131                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     10996982                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    309266318                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       278432010                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.029853                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        23666581                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       222477                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            496680171                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            3158599                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                  5117                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        499838770                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           168539784                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           1376020                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   14                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       169915804                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            665219955                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            4534619                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                  5131                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        669754574                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           255864208                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses            784083                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       256648291                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  106                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1698344582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    278781366                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2565845786                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           539630480                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    302098591                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             458239387                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        72018835                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      488533096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       155289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     17660074                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          441                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         255864208                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       4321974                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1300547351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.972897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.067203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        842307964     64.77%     64.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         32451704      2.50%     67.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         62861860      4.83%     72.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         26578947      2.04%     74.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         42548587      3.27%     77.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         23159023      1.78%     79.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         20565643      1.58%     80.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         82038784      6.31%     87.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        168034839     12.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1300547351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.317739                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.510792                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        338318961                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     453410696                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         421080792                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      31208228                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       56528673                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     43226509                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        668267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2534013144                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       1865955                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       56528673                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        376099976                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       159431720                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    202284612                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         413301040                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      92901329                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2494871190                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        295444                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        7343750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      54189359                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1754826514                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3196125573                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3157982645                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     38142928                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1432210184                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        322616295                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      8700222                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       339700                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         291227783                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    531049524                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    183186456                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     12239731                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      7457575                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2393018810                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       660110                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2267707787                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      4421986                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    373842365                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194558854                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        38448                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1300547351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.743656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.128885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    617794639     47.50%     47.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    147690368     11.36%     58.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    141760081     10.90%     69.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     72626617      5.58%     75.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    123789869      9.52%     84.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     77613770      5.97%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6    103712547      7.97%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11361882      0.87%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4197578      0.32%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1300547351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         3117760     12.13%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       13556248     52.72%     64.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       9037430     35.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3917938      0.17%      0.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1565892376     69.05%     69.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       746292      0.03%     69.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     69.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      9789948      0.43%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            1      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt      5873989      0.26%     69.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            1      0.00%     69.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      1957989      0.09%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    507044734     22.36%     92.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    172484519      7.61%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2267707787                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.335246                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            25711438                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011338                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5806558385                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2737393611                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2198590190                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     59537958                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     30168665                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     29759826                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2259732429                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        29768858                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     33371548                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    108136806                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       377307                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        51315                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     42965683                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        18721                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      2953682                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       56528673                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       110950907                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       6482965                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2435196490                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      5146686                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     531049524                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    183186456                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       338975                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        2704126                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        750268                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        51315                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      7375944                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      4135408                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     11511352                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2250533462                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     500532941                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     17174319                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              41517570                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            670450980                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        480179945                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          169918039                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.325134                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2236850586                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2228350016                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1302238269                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1722628372                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.312072                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.755960                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    384932443                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       621662                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     10347957                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1244018678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.632126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.573845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    727943003     58.52%     58.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    153940588     12.37%     70.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     53885659      4.33%     75.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     30199099      2.43%     77.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     97334432      7.82%     85.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     13440197      1.08%     86.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     32345541      2.60%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     51967659      4.18%     93.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     82962500      6.67%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1244018678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2030394775                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2030394775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              563133487                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             422912714                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              310778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          439677549                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           29375871                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1971857062                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     16328100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      82962500                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3558839532                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4887401886                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 5096315                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               397797231                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.849172                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.849172                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.177617                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.177617                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2912123181                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1579787310                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          19971446                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         19579922                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         4617123                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2579545                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1               297                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               297                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.009064                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.009064                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 2700528709                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         7734709.926662                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          7734709.926662                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            2315.546190                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   8729929                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32305.019957                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    24710302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   8761972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.820176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6800.502698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   133.828606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 25179.118701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        122.703652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         68.866299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.207535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.768406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.003745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.002102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.985871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2208564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2839060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5047624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         18677678                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total              18677678                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14814616                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              14814616                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       2208564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      17653676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 19862240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2208564                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     17653676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                19862240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      7925101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               7936867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       792725                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              792725                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8717826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8729592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11766                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8717826                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8729592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    928042000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 486211448250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    487139490250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56603267750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   56603267750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    928042000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 542814716000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     543742758000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    928042000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 542814716000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    543742758000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2220330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10764161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            12984491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     18677678                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          18677678                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15607341                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          15607341                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2220330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26371502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             28591832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2220330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26371502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            28591832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.736249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.611257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050792                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.050792                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.305318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.305318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78874.893762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61350.820419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61376.798962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71403.409442                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71403.409442                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78874.893762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62264.917423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62287.304836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78874.893762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62264.917423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62287.304836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1582469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1582469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7925101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          7936867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       792725                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         792725                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8717826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8729592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8717826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8729592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    792898000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 395169919750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 395962817750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47503235250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47503235250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    792898000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 442673155000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 443466053000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    792898000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 442673155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 443466053000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.736249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.611257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.305318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.305318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67388.917219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49863.076792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49889.057956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59923.977735                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59923.977735                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67388.917219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50777.929612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50800.318388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67388.917219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50777.929612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50800.318388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  3562585205                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           12984491                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          12984491                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         18677678                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         15607341                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        15607341                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4440660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     71420682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              75861342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    142101120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2883147520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         3025248640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            3025248640                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        42312433000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3333483431                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       41678412488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2700528732                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 6670379.749041                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  6670379.749041                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           2220330                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           371940554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           2221354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            167.438668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1006.914504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    17.085496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.983315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.016685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    253620875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       253620875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    253620875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        253620875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    253620875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       253620875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2243328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       2243328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2243328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        2243328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2243328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       2243328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12335924172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12335924172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12335924172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  12335924172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12335924172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  12335924172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    255864203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    255864203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    255864203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    255864203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    255864203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    255864203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5498.939153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5498.939153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5498.939153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  5498.939153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5498.939153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  5498.939153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5191                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          665                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               179                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           29                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   221.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22998                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22998                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2220330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2220330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2220330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2220330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2220330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2220330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7583554314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7583554314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7583554314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7583554314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7583554314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7583554314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3415.507746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3415.507746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3415.507746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3415.507746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3415.507746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3415.507746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           70                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.068359                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.002930                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         2700532215                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 13732190.248765                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  13732190.248765                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      77.955970                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          26371502                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           553463652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          26372523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             20.986375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1020.627553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.372447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.996707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    432685765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       432685765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    119639627                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      119639627                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       315538                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       315538                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    552325392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        552325392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    552325392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       552325392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     27485940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      27485940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     20270368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     20270368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          221                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          221                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     47756308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       47756308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     47756308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      47756308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1359339245224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1359339245224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 389744736104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 389744736104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      3474000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      3474000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1749083981328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1749083981328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1749083981328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1749083981328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    460171705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    460171705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    139909995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    139909995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       315759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       315759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    600081700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    600081700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    600081700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    600081700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.144881                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.144881                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000700                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000700                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.079583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.079583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49455.803412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49455.803412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19227.314280                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19227.314280                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15719.457014                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15719.457014                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36625.192662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36625.192662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36625.192662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36625.192662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     29205829                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           4710974                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.199531                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     18677678                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          18677678                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16721653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     16721653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4663374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      4663374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     21385027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     21385027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     21385027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     21385027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10764287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10764287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15606994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     15606994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          221                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          221                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26371281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     26371281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26371281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     26371281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 504629500261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 504629500261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 121367194458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 121367194458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      3017000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3017000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 625996694719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 625996694719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 625996694719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 625996694719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.111550                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111550                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000700                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000700                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46879.974518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46879.974518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7776.461916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7776.461916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13651.583710                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13651.583710                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23737.818983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23737.818983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23737.818983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23737.818983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
