
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.856520                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                856519824500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1356822529500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 253084                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   253084                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               72257174                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2215780                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11853.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      1486336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     73696768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           75183104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1486336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1486336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     40553984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        40553984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        23224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1151512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1174736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        633656                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             633656                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1735320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     86042104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              87777424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1735320                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1735320                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        47347397                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             47347397                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        47347397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1735320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     86042104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            135124821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1174736                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     633656                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1174736                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   633656                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   75183104                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                40553984                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             75183104                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             40553984                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    102                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               74396                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               73365                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               74048                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               70407                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               74441                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               76372                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               75916                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               73668                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               68519                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               72038                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              69912                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              72738                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              74312                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              74944                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              75290                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              74268                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               39568                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               39880                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               38615                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               38473                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               40063                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               41343                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               41920                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               39628                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               37619                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               38556                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              37957                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              39653                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              40456                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              39825                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              39779                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              40321                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  856517282000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1174736                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               633656                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  865160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  238388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   52470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   18560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   23255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   27410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   27545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   27551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   27551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   27551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   27550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   27550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   27550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   27550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  27550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  27550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  27550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  27550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  27550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  27550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  27550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  27550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  27550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  27550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  27550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  27550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  27550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   4296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       868821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    133.203336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    94.111542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   221.276226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64          569749     65.58%     65.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128         158675     18.26%     83.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192          60376      6.95%     90.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256          23572      2.71%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320          12802      1.47%     94.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384           7777      0.90%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448           5715      0.66%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512           4200      0.48%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576           3203      0.37%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640           2650      0.31%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704           2147      0.25%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768           2096      0.24%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832           1593      0.18%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896           1350      0.16%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960           1255      0.14%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024          1247      0.14%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088           909      0.10%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152           806      0.09%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216           680      0.08%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280           799      0.09%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344           583      0.07%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408           524      0.06%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472           631      0.07%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536          1196      0.14%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600           424      0.05%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664           295      0.03%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728           240      0.03%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792           522      0.06%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856           170      0.02%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920           138      0.02%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984           140      0.02%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048           314      0.04%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112           137      0.02%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176           114      0.01%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240           115      0.01%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304           210      0.02%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368           116      0.01%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432            86      0.01%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496            94      0.01%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560           117      0.01%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624            87      0.01%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688            70      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752            73      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816            95      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880            64      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944            50      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008            39      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072            76      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136            44      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200            24      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264            33      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328            57      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392            22      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456            23      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520            24      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584            32      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648            24      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712            15      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776            13      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840            17      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904            17      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968            15      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032            12      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096            19      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160             8      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224            10      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288             5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352            17      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416             3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480             7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544             2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608             5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672             3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736             4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864             3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928             3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120             3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       868821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  26312036000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             57402279750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5873170000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               25217073750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22400.20                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  21468.03                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                48868.23                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        87.78                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        47.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                87.78                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                47.35                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.07                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.89                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   708210                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  231253                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 60.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                36.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     473634.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    135124821                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              670896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             670896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            633656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            503840                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           503840                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2983128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2983128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    115737088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           115737088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              115737088                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          3438820000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5571826000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       547174033                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    388498494                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     31752862                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    370771897                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       278751535                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     75.181409                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        50359450                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       895127                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            805004166                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses           16098946                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                102194                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        821103112                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           426780708                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           3405127                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                 1023                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       430185835                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1231784874                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           19504073                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                103217                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1251288947                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           523225985                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses           1702622                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       524928607                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 1471                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1713039649                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    652899460                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3548719537                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           547174033                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    329110985                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             675333948                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       178815908                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      177539316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       256214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     14859534                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          596                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         523225985                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      14164822                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1659963702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.137830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.037871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        984629754     59.32%     59.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         64282028      3.87%     63.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         67753143      4.08%     67.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         67254207      4.05%     71.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         75128718      4.53%     75.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         62684598      3.78%     79.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         69267519      4.17%     83.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         34084254      2.05%     85.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        234879481     14.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1659963702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.319417                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.071592                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        699779297                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     165465655                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         643752121                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      14441059                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      136525569                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     70365307                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred       2637127                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3439249707                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       8793551                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      136525569                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        726831991                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        47986340                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     71793350                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         629487011                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      47339440                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3347584254                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         18186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        1126967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      39320334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2292200943                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4138129894                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4109562629                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     28567265                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1397224081                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        894976846                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2238755                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1753884                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         129767969                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1050854884                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    500795738                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     59245526                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15721566                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         3112155219                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3191244                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2619223489                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     17736157                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1103336657                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    750514614                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       527317                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1659963702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.577880                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.806268                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    702237851     42.30%     42.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    263867511     15.90%     58.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    237708519     14.32%     72.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    166345472     10.02%     82.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    147196045      8.87%     91.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     84006437      5.06%     96.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     40965671      2.47%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     14797435      0.89%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2838761      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1659963702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1891025      2.75%      2.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      2.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      2.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             7      0.00%      2.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp        127708      0.19%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             1      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       39401926     57.22%     60.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      27439024     39.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          138      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1297919815     49.55%     49.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       442101      0.02%     49.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     49.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3342968      0.13%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      1388230      0.05%     49.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       575905      0.02%     49.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult       128254      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       128436      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    879002038     33.56%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    436295604     16.66%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2619223489                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.528992                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            68859691                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.026290                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6956961139                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   4192547262                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2476812563                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     28045387                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     26464634                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12645844                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2673979641                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        14103401                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     91273826                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    380951901                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       620840                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       336060                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    187975234                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          256                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1205532                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      136525569                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        28251772                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1208013                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   3183828793                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      8935626                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1050854884                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    500795738                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1730537                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         903993                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        256798                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       336060                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     26429543                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      7242011                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     33671554                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2539715282                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     821607984                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     79508205                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              68482330                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1252014090                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        387764652                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          430406106                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.482578                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2517438616                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2489458407                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1350014035                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1894591428                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.453240                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.712562                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    949593999                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2663927                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     29203797                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1523438133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.343042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.271977                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    867973847     56.97%     56.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    269499275     17.69%     74.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    113368597      7.44%     82.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     55344955      3.63%     85.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     44204168      2.90%     88.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     37079494      2.43%     91.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     23630130      1.55%     92.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     18926908      1.24%     93.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     93410759      6.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1523438133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2046040684                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2046040684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              982723480                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             669902978                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars             1331228                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          320071823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            9094135                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1970277568                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     30290140                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      93410759                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4332653050                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          6128002705                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 1365000                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                53075947                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.856520                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.856520                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.167515                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.167515                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3213781332                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1716041345                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          11178001                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          7650390                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         3098933                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2662525                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 2                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 2                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.000061                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.000061                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                  992159788                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  806931399                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         1619246.399978                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         1169691.105043                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          2788937.505022                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 295                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 294                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 3363253.518644                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 2744664.622449                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.551478                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.448522                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg             334.091116                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1          590                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2          588                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1      9665970                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2      9633204                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1172291                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32627.107985                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    18683577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1204818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     15.507385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11518.602727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1107.199307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 18636.131611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        122.578306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       1242.596035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.351520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.033789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.568730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.003741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.037921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9466353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5105090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                14571443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          2483965                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               2483965                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       430990                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                430990                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       9466353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       5536080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 15002433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9466353                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5536080                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                15002433                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       647672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                670896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       503840                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              503840                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1151512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1174736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23224                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1151512                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1174736                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2107505500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56762990500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58870496000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41434015500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   41434015500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2107505500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  98197006000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     100304511500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2107505500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  98197006000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    100304511500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9489577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5752762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            15242339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2483965                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           2483965                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       934830                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            934830                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9489577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6687592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16177169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9489577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6687592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16177169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.112585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.044015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.538964                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.538964                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.172186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.072617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.172186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.072617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90746.878229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87641.569344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87749.063938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82236.455025                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82236.455025                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90746.878229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85276.580704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85384.726015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90746.878229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85276.580704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85384.726015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               633656                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    633656                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       647672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           670896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       503840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         503840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1151512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1174736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1151512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1174736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1840812500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49320372500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51161185000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35650202500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35650202500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1840812500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  84970575000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  86811387500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1840812500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  84970575000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  86811387500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.112585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.044015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.538964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.538964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.172186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.072617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.172186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.072617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79263.369790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76150.231136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76257.996769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70756.991307                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70756.991307                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79263.369790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73790.438137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73898.635523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79263.369790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73790.438137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73898.635523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  1394378206                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           15242339                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          15242339                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          2483965                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           934830                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          934830                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18979154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15859149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              34838303                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    607332928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    586979648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1194312576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1194312576                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        11814532000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       14241809985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       10310111202                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2713645059                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 13185294.460230                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  13185294.460230                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      53.224000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           9489577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           768819549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           9490601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             81.008521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   985.408312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    38.591688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.962313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.037687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    513533427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       513533427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    513533427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        513533427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    513533427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       513533427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9692543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       9692543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9692543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        9692543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9692543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       9692543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  80805757145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80805757145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  80805757145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  80805757145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  80805757145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  80805757145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    523225970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    523225970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    523225970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    523225970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    523225970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    523225970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8336.899526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8336.899526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8336.899526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8336.899526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8336.899526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8336.899526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19017                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               283                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    67.197880                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            8                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       202966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       202966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       202966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       202966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       202966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       202966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9489577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      9489577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9489577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9489577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9489577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9489577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  60148491254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60148491254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  60148491254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60148491254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  60148491254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60148491254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6338.374329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6338.374329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6338.374329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6338.374329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6338.374329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6338.374329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           40                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.039062                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         1547541971                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          166885584                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 18548141.899174                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 1961399.996688                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  20509541.895862                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          758                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          758                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 2041612.098945                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 220165.678100                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.902658                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.097342                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg       9.761388                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1         6289                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1        24031                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        30320                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       745872                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       745872                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1     8.296834                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6667250                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           986.235922                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1067884010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6668234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            160.144951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   978.543361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     7.692561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.955609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.007512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    701491156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       701491156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    307256977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      307256977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1448913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1448913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1008748133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1008748133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1008748133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1008748133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9704801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       9704801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4232296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4232296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2062                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2062                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     13937097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       13937097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     13937097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      13937097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 219058677898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 219058677898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 232150514863                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 232150514863                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     16499500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     16499500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 451209192761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 451209192761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 451209192761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 451209192761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    711195957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    711195957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    311489273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    311489273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1450975                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1450975                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1022685230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1022685230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1022685230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1022685230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013587                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013587                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001421                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.001421                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22572.196782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22572.196782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54852.145233                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54852.145233                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8001.697381                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8001.697381                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32374.689848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32374.689848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32374.689848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32374.689848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      8903349                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1077                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            197163                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    45.157301                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    59.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2483965                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2483965                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3954003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3954003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3297564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3297564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7251567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7251567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7251567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7251567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5750798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5750798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       934732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       934732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2062                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         2062                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6685530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6685530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6685530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6685530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  88989720295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  88989720295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44668992327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44668992327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12375500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12375500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 133658712622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 133658712622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 133658712622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 133658712622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001421                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001421                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15474.325528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15474.325528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47788.020873                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47788.020873                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6001.697381                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6001.697381                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19992.238853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19992.238853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19992.238853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19992.238853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
