
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.584625                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                584625188000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1084663387500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 312529                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   312529                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               60904175                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2338172                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9599.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       220800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     53914368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           54135168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       220800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        220800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     19112832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        19112832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         3450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       842412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              845862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        298638                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             298638                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       377678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     92220399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              92598077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       377678                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           377678                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        32692454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             32692454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        32692454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       377678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     92220399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            125290531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      845862                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     298638                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    845862                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   298638                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   54135168                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                19112832                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             54135168                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             19112832                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    217                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               47876                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               47314                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               45202                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               44637                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               47582                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               50991                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               56243                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               57843                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               58831                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               58066                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              59307                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              59911                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              55156                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              58324                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              50448                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              47914                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               16682                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               16234                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               16411                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               15600                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               17790                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               18765                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               19703                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               19453                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               19889                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               20667                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              21873                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              20789                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              19372                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              22117                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              16978                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              16315                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  584601165000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                845862                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               298638                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  700769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  137352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    6421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   11565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   12983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   12985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   12985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   12985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   12985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   12984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   12984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   12984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   12984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  12984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  12984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  12984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  12984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  12984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  12984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  12984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  12984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  12984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  12984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  12984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  12984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  12984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       138806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    527.515641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   212.938762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1150.567421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        50309     36.24%     36.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        18759     13.51%     49.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        11859      8.54%     58.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         5272      3.80%     62.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         4293      3.09%     65.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         8667      6.24%     71.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         2560      1.84%     73.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2747      1.98%     75.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         3304      2.38%     77.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         2213      1.59%     79.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         3660      2.64%     81.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         3636      2.62%     84.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1306      0.94%     85.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1165      0.84%     86.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961          958      0.69%     86.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          913      0.66%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1581      1.14%     88.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         1038      0.75%     89.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          880      0.63%     90.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          976      0.70%     90.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         1099      0.79%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1415      1.02%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         3931      2.83%     95.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          445      0.32%     95.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          312      0.22%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          224      0.16%     96.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          204      0.15%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          167      0.12%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          166      0.12%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          123      0.09%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          104      0.07%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          138      0.10%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           74      0.05%     96.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177          125      0.09%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           45      0.03%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           64      0.05%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           77      0.06%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           63      0.05%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           45      0.03%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           57      0.04%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           44      0.03%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           34      0.02%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           62      0.04%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           48      0.03%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           41      0.03%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           38      0.03%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           64      0.05%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           18      0.01%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           32      0.02%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           33      0.02%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           45      0.03%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           23      0.02%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           37      0.03%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           70      0.05%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           15      0.01%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           40      0.03%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           37      0.03%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           33      0.02%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           45      0.03%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           19      0.01%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           43      0.03%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           22      0.02%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           20      0.01%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           31      0.02%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           27      0.02%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           10      0.01%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           19      0.01%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           15      0.01%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           27      0.02%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           13      0.01%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           23      0.02%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           20      0.01%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           19      0.01%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           13      0.01%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            7      0.01%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           17      0.01%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929           19      0.01%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           13      0.01%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           17      0.01%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           36      0.03%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           23      0.02%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           19      0.01%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313           17      0.01%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           13      0.01%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           10      0.01%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           22      0.02%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            8      0.01%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            9      0.01%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697           31      0.02%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            9      0.01%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            8      0.01%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            9      0.01%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            8      0.01%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           11      0.01%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           10      0.01%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            6      0.00%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           16      0.01%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           12      0.01%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            7      0.01%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            8      0.01%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465           19      0.01%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529           14      0.01%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           12      0.01%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            9      0.01%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            9      0.01%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           12      0.01%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            6      0.00%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            7      0.01%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977           17      0.01%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041           13      0.01%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105           18      0.01%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           10      0.01%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            2      0.00%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            5      0.00%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            6      0.00%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            6      0.00%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489           12      0.01%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            7      0.01%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617           14      0.01%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            7      0.01%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           21      0.02%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           24      0.02%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           55      0.04%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           13      0.01%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            4      0.00%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           50      0.04%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           13      0.01%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         1995      1.44%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8320-8321            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8384-8385            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8832-8833            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8896-8897            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9024-9025            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       138806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3360938500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             21162531000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 4228225000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               13573367500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      3974.41                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  16050.90                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25025.31                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        92.60                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        32.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                92.60                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                32.69                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.04                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      11.45                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   755933                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  249538                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     510791.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    125290531                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              621017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             621017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            298638                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            224845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           224845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1990362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1990362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     73248000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            73248000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               73248000                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1766802000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4010990500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        60895024                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     57035708                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      3008882                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     39701769                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        37535035                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.542475                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          934389                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         3164                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            582597763                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1012099                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     2                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        583609862                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           229390389                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            193621                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       229584010                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            811988152                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1205720                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     2                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        813193872                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           166696856                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              5562                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       166702418                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   14                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1169263628                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    168539389                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2160322506                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            60895024                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     38469424                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             292066190                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        19078440                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      665670249                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        34177                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           18                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         166696856                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        861998                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1142075266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.891576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.321336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        850009076     74.43%     74.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4463884      0.39%     74.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6272316      0.55%     75.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4100288      0.36%     75.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          6809873      0.60%     76.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         13266251      1.16%     77.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          8424829      0.74%     78.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          2936587      0.26%     78.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        245792162     21.52%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1142075266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.052080                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.847592                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        268018698                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     567751476                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         182188143                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     108364344                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       15752604                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      2879738                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         11870                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2150500969                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         32643                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       15752604                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        289677772                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       226195181                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles         9685                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         263921398                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     346518625                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2138118015                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          8923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       65989446                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     265673081                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1845343851                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3355290505                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    804435975                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   2550854530                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1732015272                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        113328522                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          398                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts           84                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         702642104                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    592553927                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    231909323                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    131748829                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     18484032                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2115743572                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          117                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2070885813                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1339387                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    114042337                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     82350859                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           71                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1142075266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.813266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.640093                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    297633142     26.06%     26.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    273385890     23.94%     50.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    220716561     19.33%     69.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    175932393     15.40%     84.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     90211824      7.90%     92.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     50980543      4.46%     97.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     20917387      1.83%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11364919      1.00%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       932607      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1142075266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         6166493      0.56%      0.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        276800      0.03%      0.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp           824      0.00%      0.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt          6171      0.00%      0.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult    425596541     38.88%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv     366694882     33.50%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt    291686837     26.65%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        3150070      0.29%     99.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1131965      0.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          128      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     446776106     21.57%     21.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187289      0.01%     21.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     21.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    420649774     20.31%     41.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      5669908      0.27%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       573519      0.03%     42.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    322796831     15.59%     57.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     29489357      1.42%     59.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt     28927463      1.40%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    585876447     28.29%     88.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    229938991     11.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2070885813                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.771103                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt          1094710583                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.528619                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2245132102                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    654672372                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    538520260                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   4134764757                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   1575193925                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1521409212                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      555485920                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      2610110348                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     94914257                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     30410124                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11457                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        81470                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4533824                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        39745                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       15752604                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        53794639                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      11327330                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2118714755                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       684637                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     592553927                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    231909323                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           84                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3148593                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         83470                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        81470                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1809813                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1654228                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      3464041                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2066360026                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     583612385                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      4525784                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               2971066                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            813196395                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         48298407                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          229584010                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.767232                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2062548641                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2059929472                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1493787379                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1878814673                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.761732                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.795069                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    109134858                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           46                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2997035                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1126322662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.777859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.813264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    678836003     60.27%     60.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    102659410      9.11%     69.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     52421043      4.65%     74.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     48850395      4.34%     78.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     32992845      2.93%     81.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     30496636      2.71%     84.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     28334996      2.52%     86.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     19924979      1.77%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    131806355     11.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1126322662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2002442910                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2002442910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              789519272                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             562143784                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  16                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           41279967                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1514954274                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1195537332                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       680125                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     131806355                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3103181295                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4238955542                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  571148                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                27188362                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000005                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.584632                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.584632                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.710478                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.710478                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1458414183                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       483884986                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1790294431                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1300577154                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          817127                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes             96                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 2169326731                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         3439050.927803                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          3439050.927803                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            5037.425790                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    845888                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32743.979429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    22787659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    878656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     25.934676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10245.285878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    69.485881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 20020.704678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          2.667580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       2405.835412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.312661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.002121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.610983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.073420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           72                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11351117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                11351189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          7058304                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               7058304                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       183097                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                183097                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      11534214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 11534286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           72                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     11534214                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                11534286                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       617567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                621017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       224845                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              224845                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       842412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 845862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3450                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       842412                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                845862                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228861250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36020271250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36249132500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13234634000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13234634000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228861250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49254905250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      49483766500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228861250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49254905250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     49483766500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11968684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            11972206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7058304                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           7058304                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       407942                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            407942                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12376626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             12380148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12376626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            12380148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.979557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.051872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.551169                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.551169                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.979557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.068324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.979557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.068324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66336.594203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58326.094578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58370.596135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58861.144344                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58861.144344                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66336.594203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58468.902687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58500.992479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66336.594203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58468.902687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58500.992479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               298638                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    298638                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       617567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           621017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       224845                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         224845                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       842412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            845862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       842412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           845862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    189253750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28928726750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29117980500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10652081000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10652081000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    189253750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39580807750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39770061500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    189253750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39580807750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39770061500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.979557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.051872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.551169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.551169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.979557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.068324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.979557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.068324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54856.159420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46843.057919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46887.573931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47375.218484                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47375.218484                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54856.159420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46985.094882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47017.198432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54856.159420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46985.094882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47017.198432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2127963272                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           11972206                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          11972206                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          7058304                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           407942                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          407942                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     31811556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              31818600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       225408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1243835520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1244060928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1244060928                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        16777530000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           6112498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       18768094000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2169326771                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 4345787.041956                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  4345787.041956                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           719546768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              4546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          158281.295205                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   540.119546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   483.880454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.527460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.472540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    166691900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       166691900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    166691900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        166691900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    166691900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       166691900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          4956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           4956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          4956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319716998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    319716998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319716998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    319716998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319716998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    319716998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    166696856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    166696856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    166696856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    166696856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    166696856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    166696856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64511.097256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64511.097256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64511.097256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64511.097256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64511.097256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64511.097256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           65                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          652                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           65                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          326                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232565002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232565002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232565002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232565002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232565002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232565002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66032.084611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66032.084611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66032.084611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66032.084611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66032.084611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66032.084611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2169326773                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 18640626.206550                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  18640626.206550                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          12376626                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           676842109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          12377650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             54.682602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1023.908055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.091945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    451006399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       451006399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    224884109                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      224884109                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    675890508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        675890508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    675890508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       675890508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     36640199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      36640199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2491359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2491359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     39131558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       39131558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     39131558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      39131558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 258804687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 258804687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 110358921523                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 110358921523                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       196500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       196500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 369163608523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 369163608523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 369163608523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 369163608523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    487646598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    487646598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    227375468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    227375468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    715022066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    715022066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    715022066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    715022066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.075137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010957                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010957                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.444444                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7063.408335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7063.408335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44296.675639                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44296.675639                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24562.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24562.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9433.910312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9433.910312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9433.910312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9433.910312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       239519                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             13670                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.521507                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7058304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7058304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24671305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     24671305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2083635                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2083635                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     26754940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     26754940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     26754940                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     26754940                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11968894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11968894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       407724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       407724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12376618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12376618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12376618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12376618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  71846060500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  71846060500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14026133693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14026133693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       179500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       179500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  85872194193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  85872194193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  85872194193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  85872194193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001793                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001793                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6002.731790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6002.731790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34401.049958                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34401.049958                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6938.260048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6938.260048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6938.260048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6938.260048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
