
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.585111                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                585110967500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1085149167000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 313540                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   313540                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               61151982                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2338236                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9568.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       222592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     54157376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           54379968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       222592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        222592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     19260544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        19260544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         3478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       846209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              849687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        300946                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             300946                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       380427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     92559154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              92939581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       380427                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           380427                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        32917763                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             32917763                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        32917763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       380427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     92559154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            125857343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      849687                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     300946                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    849687                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   300946                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   54379968                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                19260544                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             54379968                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             19260544                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    212                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               48068                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               47456                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               45454                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               44950                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               47670                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               51176                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               56541                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               58066                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               58990                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               58134                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              59649                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              60302                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              55578                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              58552                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              50720                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              48169                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               16891                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               16334                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               16482                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               15738                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               17796                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               18846                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               19838                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               19545                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               19938                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               20733                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              22082                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              21028                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              19667                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              22318                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              17173                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              16537                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  585086938000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                849687                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               300946                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  701718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  139997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    6584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   11655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   13081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   13085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   13085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   13085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   13085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   13085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   13085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   13085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   13085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  13085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  13085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  13085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  13085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  13084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  13084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  13084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  13084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  13084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  13084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  13084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  13084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  13084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       152851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    481.646152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.942494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1057.389678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        59151     38.70%     38.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        21369     13.98%     52.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        12641      8.27%     60.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         5822      3.81%     64.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         4676      3.06%     67.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         8517      5.57%     73.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         3002      1.96%     75.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         3061      2.00%     77.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         3220      2.11%     79.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         2592      1.70%     81.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         3206      2.10%     83.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         3333      2.18%     85.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1791      1.17%     86.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1323      0.87%     87.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1174      0.77%     88.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1139      0.75%     88.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1298      0.85%     89.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         1134      0.74%     90.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          958      0.63%     91.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         1023      0.67%     91.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         1364      0.89%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1676      1.10%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         2279      1.49%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          715      0.47%     95.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          504      0.33%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          406      0.27%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          263      0.17%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          220      0.14%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          170      0.11%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          169      0.11%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          130      0.09%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          144      0.09%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           95      0.06%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177          136      0.09%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           70      0.05%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           73      0.05%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           63      0.04%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           79      0.05%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           63      0.04%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           66      0.04%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           60      0.04%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           44      0.03%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           71      0.05%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           45      0.03%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           49      0.03%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           49      0.03%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           54      0.04%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           25      0.02%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           45      0.03%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           39      0.03%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           55      0.04%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           44      0.03%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           30      0.02%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           72      0.05%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           33      0.02%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           34      0.02%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           36      0.02%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           38      0.02%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           35      0.02%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           47      0.03%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           29      0.02%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           27      0.02%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           32      0.02%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           21      0.01%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           23      0.02%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           21      0.01%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           28      0.02%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           23      0.02%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           25      0.02%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           14      0.01%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           34      0.02%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           21      0.01%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           14      0.01%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           22      0.01%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801           21      0.01%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           21      0.01%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929           23      0.02%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           20      0.01%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           20      0.01%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           37      0.02%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           14      0.01%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           23      0.02%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313           16      0.01%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           19      0.01%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            7      0.00%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           18      0.01%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569           11      0.01%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           13      0.01%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697           32      0.02%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761           16      0.01%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825           15      0.01%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            9      0.01%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            9      0.01%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           12      0.01%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           10      0.01%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            9      0.01%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            7      0.00%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           13      0.01%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337           12      0.01%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           20      0.01%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465           27      0.02%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            9      0.01%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           12      0.01%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            7      0.00%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           14      0.01%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           11      0.01%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849           11      0.01%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            8      0.01%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977           11      0.01%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041           14      0.01%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105           13      0.01%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            8      0.01%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233           10      0.01%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            7      0.00%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.00%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            3      0.00%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            6      0.00%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            5      0.00%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            4      0.00%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.00%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           17      0.01%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           17      0.01%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           34      0.02%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           21      0.01%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           10      0.01%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           33      0.02%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            9      0.01%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         1746      1.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       152851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3786418250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             21764034500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 4247375000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               13730241250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      4457.36                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  16163.21                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25620.57                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        92.94                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        32.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                92.94                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                32.92                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.04                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.90                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   755799                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  241757                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     508491.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    125857343                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              624113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             624113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            300946                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            225574                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           225574                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2000320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2000320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     73640512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            73640512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               73640512                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1779100500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4029129500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        60897819                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     57039385                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      3006380                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     39433461                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        37534526                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     95.184458                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          934494                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         2938                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            582584313                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1011697                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     2                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        583596010                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           229390080                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            193999                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       229584079                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            811974393                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1205696                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     2                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        813180089                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           166693175                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              5752                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       166698927                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   14                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1170235192                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    168536152                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2160284410                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            60897819                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     38469020                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             292054884                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        19075952                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      666110140                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          840                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        34680                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         166693175                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        860099                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1142499931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.890840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.320911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        850445047     74.44%     74.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4459741      0.39%     74.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6271938      0.55%     75.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4099181      0.36%     75.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          6804704      0.60%     76.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         13267715      1.16%     77.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          8425449      0.74%     78.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          2936083      0.26%     78.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        245790073     21.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1142499931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.052039                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.846026                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        268030645                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     568173796                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         182098943                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     108444995                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       15751551                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      2879180                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         11709                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2150475930                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         33325                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       15751551                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        289676385                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       226516681                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles         9832                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         263930489                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     346614992                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2138087445                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          9411                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       66033458                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     265741116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1845310744                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3355253897                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    804450713                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   2550803184                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1732015272                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        113295415                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          392                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts           82                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         702757928                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    592540408                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    231908469                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    131787610                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     18547019                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2115727380                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          113                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2070867693                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1339569                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    114021064                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     82346198                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           67                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1142499931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.812576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.639992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    297986401     26.08%     26.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    273411603     23.93%     50.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    220814477     19.33%     69.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    175940077     15.40%     84.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     90160134      7.89%     92.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     50992963      4.46%     97.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     20891344      1.83%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11369966      1.00%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       932966      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1142499931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         6165848      0.56%      0.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        279497      0.03%      0.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp           819      0.00%      0.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt          6247      0.00%      0.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult    425415094     38.86%     39.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv     366750843     33.51%     72.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt    291688472     26.65%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        3163830      0.29%     99.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1127315      0.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          128      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     446772367     21.57%     21.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187473      0.01%     21.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     21.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    420649898     20.31%     41.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      5668898      0.27%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       573848      0.03%     42.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    322798019     15.59%     57.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     29489348      1.42%     59.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt     28927440      1.40%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    585862056     28.29%     88.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    229938218     11.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2070867693                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.769617                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt          1094597965                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.528570                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2245527914                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    654679364                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    538507703                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   4134644934                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   1575149584                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1521407017                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      555472373                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      2609993157                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     94910234                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     30396605                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11083                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        81686                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4532970                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        41667                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       15751551                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        54053492                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      11340413                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2118697605                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       691893                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     592540408                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    231908469                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3153908                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         81560                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        81686                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1808945                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1652611                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      3461556                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2066343401                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     583598280                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      4524289                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               2970112                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            813182359                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         48298748                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          229584079                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.765751                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2062532098                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2059914720                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1493818746                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1878868701                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.760257                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.795063                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    109124244                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           46                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2994696                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1126748380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.777187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.813160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    679339196     60.29%     60.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    102591520      9.11%     69.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     52443851      4.65%     74.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     48825098      4.33%     78.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     32972078      2.93%     81.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     30498359      2.71%     84.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     28305027      2.51%     86.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     19907883      1.77%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    131865368     11.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1126748380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2002442910                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2002442910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              789519272                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             562143784                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  16                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           41279967                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1514954274                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1195537332                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       680125                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     131865368                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3103537386                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4238933448                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  572294                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                27735261                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000005                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.585118                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.585118                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.709058                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.709058                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1458402780                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       483869839                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1790294012                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1300575303                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          817310                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes             96                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1               282                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               282                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008606                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008606                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 2170298290                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         3191519.370893                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          3191519.370893                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            2315.546190                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    849713                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32461.861021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    22844587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    882199                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     25.895050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10119.298389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    69.538451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 19887.391146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          2.665918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       2382.967117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.308816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.002122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.606915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.072722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.990657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           72                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11408925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                11408997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          7057019                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               7057019                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       188785                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                188785                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      11597710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 11597782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           72                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     11597710                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                11597782                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       620635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                624113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       225574                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              225574                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       846209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 849687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3478                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       846209                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                849687                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231309000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36506127750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36737436750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13476141750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13476141750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231309000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49982269500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      50213578500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    231309000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49982269500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     50213578500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12029560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            12033110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7057019                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           7057019                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       414359                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            414359                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12443919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             12447469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12443919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            12447469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.979718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.051866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.544393                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.544393                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.979718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.068262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.979718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.068262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66506.325474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58820.607523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58863.437791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59741.555986                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59741.555986                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66506.325474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59066.104828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59096.559674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66506.325474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59066.104828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59096.559674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               300946                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    300946                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       620635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           624113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       225574                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         225574                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       846209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            849687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       846209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           849687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191371000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29379328250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29570699250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10885246250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10885246250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191371000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40264574500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40455945500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    191371000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40264574500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40455945500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.979718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.051866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.544393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.544393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.979718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.068262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.979718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.068262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55023.289247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47337.530513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47380.361008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48255.766400                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48255.766400                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55023.289247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47582.304726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47612.762700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55023.289247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47582.304726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47612.762700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2133419644                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           12033110                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          12033110                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          7057019                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           414359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          414359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     31944857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              31951957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       227200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1248060032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1248287232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1248287232                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        16809263000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           6165249                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       18869807250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2170298330                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 4345691.078287                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  4345691.078287                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3550                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           719543057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              4574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          157311.555969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   541.740024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   482.259976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.529043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.470957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    166688189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       166688189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    166688189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        166688189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    166688189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       166688189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          4986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           4986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          4986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    311874999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    311874999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    311874999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    311874999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    311874999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    311874999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    166693175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    166693175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    166693175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    166693175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    166693175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    166693175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62550.140193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62550.140193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62550.140193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62550.140193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62550.140193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62550.140193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          119                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    59.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1436                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1436                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    235044251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    235044251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    235044251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    235044251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    235044251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    235044251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66209.648169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66209.648169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66209.648169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66209.648169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66209.648169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66209.648169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           76                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            6                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.074219                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.005859                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         2170298332                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 16345145.845677                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  16345145.845677                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      77.955970                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          12443919                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           676661588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          12444937                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             54.372440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1017.909213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.090787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.994052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    450842404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       450842404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    224867814                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      224867814                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    675710218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        675710218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    675710218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       675710218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     36792851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      36792851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2507654                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2507654                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     39300505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       39300505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     39300505                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      39300505                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 261303309750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 261303309750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 112892419536                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 112892419536                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       196500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       196500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 374195729286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 374195729286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 374195729286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 374195729286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    487635255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    487635255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    227375468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    227375468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    715010723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    715010723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    715010723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    715010723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.075452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011029                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011029                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.444444                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7102.013099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7102.013099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45019.137224                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45019.137224                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24562.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24562.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9521.397480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9521.397480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9521.397480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9521.397480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       250160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             13842                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.072533                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7057019                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7057019                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24762234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     24762234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2094360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2094360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     26856594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     26856594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     26856594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     26856594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12030617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12030617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       413294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       413294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12443911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12443911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12443911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12443911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  72520011750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  72520011750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14283545199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14283545199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       179500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       179500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  86803556949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  86803556949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  86803556949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  86803556949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001818                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001818                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6027.954489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6027.954489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34560.252989                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34560.252989                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6975.584842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6975.584842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6975.584842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6975.584842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
