
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.412947                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                412946903403                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               745947265707                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 294014                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   294014                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               40470712                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2356492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10203.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000008                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        54912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     37172608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           37227520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        54912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         54912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     16173376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        16173376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       580822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              581680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        252709                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             252709                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       132976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     90017888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              90150864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       132976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           132976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        39165752                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             39165752                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        39165752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       132976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     90017888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            129316616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      581680                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     252709                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    581680                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   252709                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   37227520                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                16173376                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             37227520                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             16173376                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     61                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               35221                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               34965                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               37517                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               36958                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               36318                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               36410                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               35798                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               36480                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               36062                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               36134                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              37208                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              36128                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              36772                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              36756                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              37463                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              35429                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               15720                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               15552                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               15743                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               15787                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               15606                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               15878                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               15899                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               16184                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               15842                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               15985                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              15926                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              15394                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              15600                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              15905                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              15870                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              15818                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  412945775865                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                581680                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               252709                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  483071                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   52332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   30847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   15349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                    7648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   10829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   10973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   10986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   10986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   3340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       121122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    440.828652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   154.904652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1086.642294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        64055     52.88%     52.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        15747     13.00%     65.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         6512      5.38%     71.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         4143      3.42%     74.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         3046      2.51%     77.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         2248      1.86%     79.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1876      1.55%     80.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         1548      1.28%     81.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         1378      1.14%     83.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         1225      1.01%     84.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         1315      1.09%     85.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         1272      1.05%     86.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833          895      0.74%     86.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897          677      0.56%     87.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961          647      0.53%     88.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          703      0.58%     88.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          689      0.57%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          693      0.57%     89.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          721      0.60%     90.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          990      0.82%     91.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         1081      0.89%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          973      0.80%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         2299      1.90%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         1311      1.08%     95.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          428      0.35%     96.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          220      0.18%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          160      0.13%     96.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          227      0.19%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          110      0.09%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           97      0.08%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           38      0.03%     96.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          106      0.09%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           50      0.04%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           43      0.04%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           51      0.04%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           83      0.07%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           48      0.04%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           35      0.03%     97.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           65      0.05%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           64      0.05%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           32      0.03%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           32      0.03%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           25      0.02%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           45      0.04%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           38      0.03%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           47      0.04%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           29      0.02%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           47      0.04%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           34      0.03%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           34      0.03%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           33      0.03%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           41      0.03%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           33      0.03%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           40      0.03%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           27      0.02%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           27      0.02%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           22      0.02%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           22      0.02%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           26      0.02%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           29      0.02%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           20      0.02%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           24      0.02%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           30      0.02%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           20      0.02%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           21      0.02%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           25      0.02%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           25      0.02%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           24      0.02%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           27      0.02%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           15      0.01%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           14      0.01%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           21      0.02%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           15      0.01%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           26      0.02%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          123      0.10%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          127      0.10%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929           22      0.02%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           20      0.02%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           27      0.02%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           23      0.02%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           21      0.02%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           15      0.01%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            8      0.01%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           18      0.01%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           16      0.01%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           37      0.03%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569           17      0.01%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           32      0.03%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697           13      0.01%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            7      0.01%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825           17      0.01%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           18      0.01%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953           18      0.01%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           12      0.01%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           16      0.01%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           17      0.01%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            8      0.01%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           14      0.01%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337           18      0.01%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           10      0.01%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465           15      0.01%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529           12      0.01%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           15      0.01%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657           11      0.01%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           10      0.01%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            8      0.01%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            8      0.01%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913           14      0.01%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977           12      0.01%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041           12      0.01%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            9      0.01%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           10      0.01%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233           10      0.01%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297           10      0.01%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            9      0.01%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            5      0.00%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            7      0.01%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            9      0.01%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            4      0.00%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.00%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            2      0.00%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.00%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            3      0.00%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           13      0.01%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            7      0.01%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            3      0.00%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            8      0.01%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         1372      1.13%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8704-8705            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8896-8897            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8960-8961            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9024-9025            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9280-9281            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9408-9409            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       121122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   8056304532                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             19068938282                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 2908095000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                8104538750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13851.52                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  13934.45                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32785.96                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        90.15                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        39.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                90.15                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                39.17                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.21                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   531840                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  181358                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                71.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     494907.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    129316616                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              439150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             439150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            252709                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            142530                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           142530                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1416069                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1416069                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     53400896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            53400896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               53400896                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           951068313                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1856494048                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       327493210                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    243962745                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      8314775                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    219546862                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       196652810                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.572134                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        20623646                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        31603                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            405159222                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             724792                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        405884014                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           217889967                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            108248                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       217998215                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            623049189                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             833040                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        623882229                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           291376837                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses             59943                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    3                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       291436780                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  925                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1240080791                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    584522024                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2279044790                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           327493210                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    217276456                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             438810681                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        29514141                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      183058430                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       429315                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          337                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         291376837                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       3768099                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1227884890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.856074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.953450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        789074209     64.26%     64.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         52572531      4.28%     68.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         54877542      4.47%     73.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         30490454      2.48%     75.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         53266427      4.34%     79.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         29246088      2.38%     82.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         24809672      2.02%     84.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         31292103      2.55%     86.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        162255864     13.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1227884890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.264090                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.837820                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        602619877                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     169159528                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         432215057                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       3673989                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       20216438                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     58334638                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        851609                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2255730830                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       1997596                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       20216438                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        613711682                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        52743194                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     78433484                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         423861224                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      38918867                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2237902216                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         11051                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       16066980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      13379049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1641731714                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    2979817572                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2556073368                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    423744204                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1508517903                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        133213782                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      5174389                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       817528                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          93943966                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    412611272                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    222037578                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     11217889                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2901349                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2128577827                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1632343                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2078087052                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       122283                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    123799687                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     87216911                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2270                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1227884890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.692412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.648061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    381040156     31.03%     31.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    278625180     22.69%     53.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    220835674     17.99%     71.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    156034473     12.71%     84.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    108142991      8.81%     93.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     52690871      4.29%     97.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     21081838      1.72%     99.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      8299898      0.68%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1133809      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1227884890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           18162      0.07%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       1002733      4.02%      4.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp       1032717      4.14%      8.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt          4120      0.02%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult         1213      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        9854203     39.51%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      13030289     52.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       577903      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1271337407     61.18%     61.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2378767      0.11%     61.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     61.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    104607179      5.03%     66.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp     25841229      1.24%     67.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     20549324      0.99%     68.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     23403204      1.13%     69.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      2211182      0.11%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    408559127     19.66%     89.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    218621730     10.52%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2078087052                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.675767                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            24943437                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012003                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4922305945                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1972438485                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1821630001                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    486818767                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    281582734                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    240776179                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1857929012                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       244523574                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21674009                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     26494048                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        60738                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        11411                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      8337551                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       796714                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        87214                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       20216438                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        39887470                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1274392                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2198549322                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      5232556                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     412611272                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    222037578                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       817066                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          98367                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         62765                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        11411                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3817599                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      4063205                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      7880804                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2070185664                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     405884510                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      7901386                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              68339152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            623883068                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        305828244                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          217998558                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.669396                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2064446254                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2062406180                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1259181167                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1680666754                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.663122                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.749215                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    130264974                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1630073                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7468732                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1207668452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.710982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.371926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    500252495     41.42%     41.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    303568278     25.14%     66.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    144858743     11.99%     78.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     50141512      4.15%     82.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     57060973      4.72%     87.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     21117418      1.75%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     20345592      1.68%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     15903021      1.32%     92.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     94420420      7.82%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1207668452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2066299341                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2066299341                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              599817240                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             386117214                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              814574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          296498206                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          233657461                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1809134879                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     19334804                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      94420420                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3308744072                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4413347810                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   97110                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                12195901                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000007                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.620040                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.620040                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.612798                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.612798                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2527929157                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1355441783                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         316314733                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        204165511                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        80770428                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        1918082                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1             17535                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1162                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.133781                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008865                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 2240078874                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         626754.912015                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          626754.912015                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            8751.172680                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    542523                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 122159.936423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1073178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    669202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.603668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    55574.796718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    89.077200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 65999.166146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        323.374547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        173.521812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.424002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.503534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.002467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.001324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.932006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       562339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  562339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           637641                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                637641                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        83682                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 83682                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        646021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   646021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       646021                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  646021                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       438292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                439150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       142530                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              142530                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       580822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 581680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          858                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       580822                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                581680                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66041386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26600952022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     26666993408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10085030180                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   10085030180                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66041386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36685982202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      36752023588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66041386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36685982202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     36752023588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1000631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1001489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       637641                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            637641                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       226212                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            226212                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1226843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1227701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1226843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1227701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.438016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.438497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.630073                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.630073                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.473428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.473796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.473428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.473796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76971.312354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60692.305636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60724.111142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70757.245352                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70757.245352                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76971.312354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63162.177400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63182.546397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76971.312354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63162.177400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63182.546397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               252709                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    252709                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       438292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           439150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       142530                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         142530                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       580822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            581680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       580822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           581680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     59510936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23218658498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23278169434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8986068298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8986068298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     59510936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32204726796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32264237732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     59510936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32204726796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32264237732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.438016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.438497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.630073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.630073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.473428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.473796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.473428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.473796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69360.065268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52975.318961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53007.331058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63046.855385                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63046.855385                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69360.065268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55446.809515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55467.332093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69360.065268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55446.809515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55467.332093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   289097429                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1001489                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1001489                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           637641                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           226212                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          226212                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3091327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3093043                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        54912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    119326976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          119381888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             119381888                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1045827792                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1020485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1305867372                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2240081877                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 17756503.904624                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  17756503.904624                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                23                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1796.354717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1291375402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          599524.327762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   508.118651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1288.236066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.124052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.314511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.438563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    291375659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       291375659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    291375659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        291375659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    291375659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       291375659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     87935880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87935880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     87935880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87935880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     87935880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87935880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    291376829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    291376829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    291376829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    291376829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    291376829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    291376829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75158.871795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75158.871795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75158.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75158.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75158.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75158.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4073                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                37                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   110.081081                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66902317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66902317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66902317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66902317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66902317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66902317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77974.728438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77974.728438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77974.728438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77974.728438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77974.728438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77974.728438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1221                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           30                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.298096                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.007324                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         2240081879                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 32357302.176895                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  32357302.176895                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     333.713930                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1226843                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 4066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           951698011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1230909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            773.166831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  3937.815985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   128.184015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.961381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.031295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    378239073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       378239073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    212064694                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      212064694                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       814727                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       814727                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    590303767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        590303767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    590303767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       590303767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3584180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3584180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       820757                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       820757                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4404937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4404937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4404937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4404937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 144403574253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 144403574253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  46793200720                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  46793200720                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       543930                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       543930                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 191196774973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 191196774973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 191196774973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 191196774973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    381823253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    381823253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    212885451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    212885451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       814760                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       814760                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    594708704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    594708704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    594708704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    594708704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003855                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003855                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000041                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40289.152401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40289.152401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57012.246889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57012.246889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16482.727273                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16482.727273                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43405.109987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43405.109987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43405.109987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43405.109987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4035804                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             45525                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    88.650280                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       637641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            637641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2583532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2583532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       594572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       594572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3178104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3178104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3178104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3178104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1000648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1000648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       226185                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       226185                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1226833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1226833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1226833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1226833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29138449540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29138449540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10542758547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10542758547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       101100                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       101100                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39681208087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39681208087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39681208087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39681208087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001062                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001062                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29119.580052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29119.580052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46611.218900                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46611.218900                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        10110                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10110                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32344.425107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32344.425107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32344.425107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32344.425107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
