
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.448731                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                448730632000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               948731100000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 224822                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   224822                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               33628212                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2332172                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13343.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        28352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     45622272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           45650624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        28352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         28352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     44937984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        44937984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       712848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              713291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        702156                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             702156                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        63183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    101669618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             101732801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        63183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            63183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       100144677                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            100144677                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       100144677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        63183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    101669618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            201877477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      713291                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     702156                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    713291                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   702156                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   45650624                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                44937984                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             45650624                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             44937984                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               46364                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               47559                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               47443                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               45217                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               42543                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               41983                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               41532                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               43437                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               46031                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               47031                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              47143                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              45661                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              43123                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              42184                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              42215                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              43825                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               45417                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               46847                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               46729                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               44908                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               42494                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               41307                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               40700                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               42444                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               45484                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               46602                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              46422                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              45117                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              42943                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              41618                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              40889                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              42235                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  448717107500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                713291                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               702156                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  203090                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  185158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  170631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  154403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                    9588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   30287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   30527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   30529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   30529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   30529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   30529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   30529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   30529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   30529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  30529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  30529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  30528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  30528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  30528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  30528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  30528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  30528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  30528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  30528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  30528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  30528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  30528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  20941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    930.127375                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   643.260696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   568.597234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65         9828     10.09%     10.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129         4831      4.96%     15.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         3128      3.21%     18.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         4029      4.14%     22.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         2167      2.23%     24.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         1935      1.99%     26.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1753      1.80%     28.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         3123      3.21%     31.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         1441      1.48%     33.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         2165      2.22%     35.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         3741      3.84%     39.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         6877      7.06%     46.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1143      1.17%     47.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897          743      0.76%     48.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961          772      0.79%     48.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         2060      2.12%     51.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          660      0.68%     51.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          654      0.67%     52.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          746      0.77%     53.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         7095      7.29%     60.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         1374      1.41%     61.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1671      1.72%     63.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        18670     19.17%     82.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537        15740     16.16%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          513      0.53%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          170      0.17%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           18      0.02%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           96      0.10%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           17      0.02%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            7      0.01%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           12      0.01%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           29      0.03%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           11      0.01%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            7      0.01%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            9      0.01%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           42      0.04%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            7      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            7      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            7      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           11      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            3      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            4      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           11      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            2      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            4      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            3      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            4      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            3      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            2      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            4      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  27819090500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             35918398000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3566455000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                4532852500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     39001.04                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                   6354.84                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                50355.88                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       101.73                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       100.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               101.73                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               100.14                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.08                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.55                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   669185                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  648868                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 93.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     317014.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    201877477                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               50920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              50920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            702156                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            662371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           662371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2128738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2128738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     90588608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            90588608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               90588608                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          3516347500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3380267500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       226365757                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    171377367                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      5009003                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    162087612                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       132663768                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.846951                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         6531269                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          585                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            465088065                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             144667                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        465232732                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           125082277                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            145343                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       125227620                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            590170342                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             290010                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        590460352                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           260237895                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              1101                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       260238996                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  525                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                897461264                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    263118235                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2190994962                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           226365757                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    139195037                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             393839904                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        23304695                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      201180776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          410                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         6661                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           99                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         260237895                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       1877833                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    876389452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.500024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.327964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        482549548     55.06%     55.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         45034179      5.14%     60.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         51407599      5.87%     66.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         19670425      2.24%     68.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         32278738      3.68%     71.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         21252800      2.43%     74.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         16016428      1.83%     76.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         12781090      1.46%     77.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        195398645     22.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    876389452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.252229                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.441325                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        304465313                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     163069950                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         328537209                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      62300477                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       18016502                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     45865269                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        226894                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2178823070                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts        480706                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       18016502                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        309281678                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        42814071                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13567541                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         385618192                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     107091467                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2168658912                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          2287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       47434704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      56439223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1806457597                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3177407627                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1797956384                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   1379451243                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1686180541                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        120276980                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1089415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       139933                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         233951090                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    474426656                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    127092492                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     25144996                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      8860830                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2122793425                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       278851                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2081383745                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1344259                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    120152380                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     72380618                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1540                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    876389452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.374953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.662624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    124462900     14.20%     14.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    153064179     17.47%     31.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    222234525     25.36%     57.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    176625103     20.15%     77.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    102779008     11.73%     88.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     55136872      6.29%     95.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     30267404      3.45%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      8985297      1.03%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2834164      0.32%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    876389452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1188467      3.11%      3.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      3.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      3.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          1570      0.00%      3.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      3.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      3.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     15852811     41.43%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       17332614     45.29%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3892971     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          232      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     963116642     46.27%     46.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1461865      0.07%     46.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     46.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    266951443     12.83%     59.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp     15359458      0.74%     59.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     11343773      0.55%     60.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    230032482     11.05%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv          114      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    467453241     22.46%     93.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    125664495      6.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2081383745                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.319191                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            38268433                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.018386                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   3422824334                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1371182371                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1259253341                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   1655945298                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    872053776                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    808755854                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1277417976                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       842233970                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     29765983                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     32100172                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        26604                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        11496                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4841634                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       135072                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       247256                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       18016502                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6101327                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1072980                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2140513001                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      6581030                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     474426656                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    127092492                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       139924                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         446019                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         47024                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        11496                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      2022400                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2835797                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4858197                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2075433684                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     465232867                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      5950059                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              17440725                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            590460489                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        208473368                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          125227622                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.312561                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2070906526                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2068009195                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1441907933                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1967807743                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.304288                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.732748                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    123240125                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       277311                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4782138                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    858372950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.349924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.523042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211971193     24.69%     24.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    222554458     25.93%     50.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    157507477     18.35%     68.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     66760081      7.78%     76.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     42904642      5.00%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     30880982      3.60%     85.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     19107919      2.23%     87.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     14899345      1.74%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     91786853     10.69%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    858372950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2017110886                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2017110886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              564577318                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             442326460                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              138393                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          197944349                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          791595074                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1461337968                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      6376513                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      91786853                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           2906832679                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4298782089                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  197474                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                21071812                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.448731                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.448731                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.228508                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.228508                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2022140861                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       993639352                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1048234911                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        749933472                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1225182                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         276900                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 1897461590                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         782190.034912                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          782190.034912                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            5037.425790                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    713311                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32348.185384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2769098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    746054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.711659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    21326.832097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    52.993912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 10894.713414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         73.645961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.650843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.001617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.332480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.002247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.987188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1993508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 1993508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1459090                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1459090                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       255262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                255262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       2248770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2248770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2248770                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2248770                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        50477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 50920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       662371                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              662371                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       712848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 713291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          443                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       712848                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                713291                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34543750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3651200250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3685744000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56322958000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   56322958000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34543750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  59974158250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      60008702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34543750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  59974158250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     60008702000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2043985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             2044428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1459090                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1459090                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       917633                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            917633                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2961618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2962061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2961618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2962061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.024907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.721826                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.721826                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.240695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.240809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.240695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.240809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77976.862302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72333.939220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72383.032207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85032.342901                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85032.342901                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77976.862302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84133.164784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84129.341321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77976.862302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84133.164784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84129.341321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               702156                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    702156                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        50477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            50920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       662371                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         662371                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       712848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            713291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       712848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           713291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29463250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3071587750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3101051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  48720534000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48720534000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29463250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51792121750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51821585000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29463250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51792121750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51821585000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.024907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.721826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.240695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.240809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.240695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.240809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66508.465011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60851.234225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60900.451689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73554.751038                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73554.751038                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66508.465011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72655.210858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72651.393330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66508.465011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72655.210858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72651.393330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   630564628                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2044428                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2044428                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1459090                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           917633                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          917633                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7382326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7383212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        28352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    282925312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          282953664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             282953664                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3669665500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            768250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4612720250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         1897462191                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 6784401.767698                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  6784401.767698                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               279                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           880.187689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1260126320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1046616.544850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   271.338933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   608.848756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.264979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.594579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.859558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    260237250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       260237250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    260237250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        260237250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    260237250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       260237250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          640                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           640                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     48280000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48280000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     48280000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     48280000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     48280000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     48280000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    260237890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    260237890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    260237890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    260237890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    260237890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    260237890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75437.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75437.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75437.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75437.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75437.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75437.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    63.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34991750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34991750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34991750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34991750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34991750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34991750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78988.148984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78988.148984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78988.148984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78988.148984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78988.148984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78988.148984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         1897462199                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 14531491.536707                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  14531491.536707                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2961618                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           550074962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2962642                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            185.670412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1018.396548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     5.603452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.994528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.005472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    429146852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       429146852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    116522161                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      116522161                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       138173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       138173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    545669013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        545669013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    545669013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       545669013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5866717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       5866717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5590301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5590301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          220                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          220                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     11457018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       11457018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     11457018                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      11457018                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37767561000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37767561000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 366386195425                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 366386195425                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      2405000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2405000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 404153756425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 404153756425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 404153756425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 404153756425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    435013569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    435013569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    122112462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    122112462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       138393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       138393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    557126031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    557126031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    557126031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    557126031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045780                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045780                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001590                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.001590                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6437.597212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6437.597212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65539.618605                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65539.618605                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10931.818182                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10931.818182                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35275.649949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35275.649949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35275.649949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35275.649949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     24175433                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3680                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            232062                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              39                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   104.176612                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    94.358974                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1459090                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1459090                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3822846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3822846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4672668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      4672668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8495514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      8495514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8495514                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      8495514                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2043871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2043871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       917633                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       917633                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2961504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2961504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2961504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2961504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10027289500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10027289500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57766864469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57766864469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1430500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1430500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67794153969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  67794153969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67794153969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  67794153969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007515                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007515                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000824                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000824                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4906.028561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4906.028561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62952.034712                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62952.034712                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12548.245614                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12548.245614                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22891.798886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22891.798886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22891.798886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22891.798886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
