
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.646209                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                646209100377                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               979937582166                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 271407                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   271407                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               58461784                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2372984                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11053.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       341568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    409569664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          409911232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       341568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        341568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     85232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        85232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         5337                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      6399526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6404863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1331764                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1331764                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       528572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    633803615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             634332187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       528572                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           528572                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       131896775                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            131896775                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       131896775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       528572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    633803615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            766228962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6404863                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1331764                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6404863                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1331764                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                  409911232                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                85232896                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd            409911232                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             85232896                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    549                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0              428127                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1              383245                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2              460733                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3              400095                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4              307723                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5              456404                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6              437054                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7              368792                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8              408993                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9              424171                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10             413449                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11             429804                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12             423847                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13             425602                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14             413811                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15             222464                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               87594                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               85187                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               87986                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               83564                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               77537                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               87398                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               84717                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               79112                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               84720                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               85396                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              84624                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              86705                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              88453                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              85710                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              86416                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              56645                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  646207635177                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6404863                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1331764                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 5059964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 1051171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  214765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   78376                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   54622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   57849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   57902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   57903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   57903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   57903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   57903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   57903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   57903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   57903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  57903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  57903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  57903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  57903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  57903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  57903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  57903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  57903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  57902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  57902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  57902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  57902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  57902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   3281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1617677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    306.059813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   136.798030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   719.899587                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       830043     51.31%     51.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       268240     16.58%     67.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193       125378      7.75%     75.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        73400      4.54%     80.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        45912      2.84%     83.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        34743      2.15%     85.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        26559      1.64%     86.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        23194      1.43%     88.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        17991      1.11%     89.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        15131      0.94%     90.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        12095      0.75%     91.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        11507      0.71%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        10078      0.62%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         9183      0.57%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         8472      0.52%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         7640      0.47%     93.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         6943      0.43%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         6136      0.38%     94.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         5403      0.33%     95.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         4909      0.30%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         4381      0.27%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         5096      0.32%     95.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         3622      0.22%     96.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         3732      0.23%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         3299      0.20%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         3145      0.19%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729         2820      0.17%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         2709      0.17%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         2341      0.14%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         2123      0.13%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         1989      0.12%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         1908      0.12%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         1629      0.10%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         1303      0.08%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241         1219      0.08%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305         1158      0.07%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369         1047      0.06%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433          926      0.06%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          896      0.06%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561          813      0.05%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625          796      0.05%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          727      0.04%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          747      0.05%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          762      0.05%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          666      0.04%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          560      0.03%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          623      0.04%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          595      0.04%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          530      0.03%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          527      0.03%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          528      0.03%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          605      0.04%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          577      0.04%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          562      0.03%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          480      0.03%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          493      0.03%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          513      0.03%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          467      0.03%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          516      0.03%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          463      0.03%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          343      0.02%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          513      0.03%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          422      0.03%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          608      0.04%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161         1147      0.07%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225          737      0.05%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          596      0.04%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          523      0.03%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          397      0.02%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          340      0.02%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          316      0.02%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          296      0.02%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          261      0.02%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          205      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          199      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          266      0.02%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          201      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          167      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          187      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          176      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          148      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          145      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          157      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          156      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          127      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          118      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          134      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          117      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          160      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          161      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          155      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          136      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          124      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          149      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           93      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          152      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          125      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273          139      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          141      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          132      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          110      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529           96      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          119      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          125      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          122      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          111      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849           93      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          114      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          117      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          126      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          156      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          172      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          182      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          193      0.01%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          196      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          209      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          182      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          161      0.01%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          577      0.04%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          582      0.04%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          437      0.03%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          420      0.03%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          318      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          196      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           91      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           49      0.00%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           30      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          874      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1617677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  52074172346                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            186488389846                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                32021570000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              102392647500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      8131.11                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  15988.07                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29119.18                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       634.33                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       131.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               634.33                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               131.90                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.29                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.55                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  5605771                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  512612                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                38.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      83525.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    766228962                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             5674229                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            5674229                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1331764                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            730634                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           730634                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     14141490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               14141490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    495144128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           495144128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              495144128                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          6124116087                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        20392956942                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       521862998                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    449937488                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     10740781                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    296240026                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       267740365                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.379537                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        22468469                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       208180                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            486832363                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            2870135                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                  4052                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        489702498                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           165389683                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           1150992                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   11                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       166540675                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            652222046                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            4021127                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                  4063                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        656243173                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           241235372                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses            785707                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       242021079                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  106                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1940567869                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    485482217                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2471393971                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           521862998                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    290208834                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             437659128                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        63571314                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      510420030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       149966                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     20477381                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          372                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         241235372                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       7255383                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1503610841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.643639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.901914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1065951713     70.89%     70.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         30392881      2.02%     72.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         57928076      3.85%     76.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         24737139      1.65%     78.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         40311443      2.68%     81.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         21824498      1.45%     82.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         19185940      1.28%     83.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         80783589      5.37%     89.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        162495562     10.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1503610841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.268923                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.273542                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        541526836                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     479662924                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         405737918                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      27930802                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       48752360                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     40980144                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        686257                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2446926193                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       1908250                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       48752360                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        581099506                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       146803881                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    237670567                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         394001635                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      95282891                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2410799084                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        134099                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4659002                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      56503390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1695926606                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3083812280                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3045812478                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     37999802                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1432210184                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        263716387                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      8634270                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       342896                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         300626797                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    514933542                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    177173820                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     10895941                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      6381317                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2333914706                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       661115                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2227732970                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      2691329                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    315453711                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    165617520                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        39453                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1503610841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.481589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.890169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    763557889     50.78%     50.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    182081811     12.11%     62.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    161946727     10.77%     73.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     65787280      4.38%     78.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    182499533     12.14%     90.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    101925750      6.78%     96.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     38215866      2.54%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      5294093      0.35%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2301892      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1503610841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         2145361      8.61%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       13438158     53.91%     62.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       9345649     37.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3917938      0.18%      0.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1542209389     69.23%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       779011      0.03%     69.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     69.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      9789948      0.44%     69.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            1      0.00%     69.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt      5873991      0.26%     70.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            1      0.00%     70.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      1957989      0.09%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    494835502     22.21%     92.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    168369200      7.56%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2227732970                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.147980                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            24929168                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011190                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5927216950                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2619960820                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2161998003                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     59480322                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     30104726                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     29711714                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2219004022                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        29740178                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     28925888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     92020823                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       265170                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        45674                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     36953047                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11441                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      2324676                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       48752360                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       101981047                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       4904893                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2373913772                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      3549239                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     514933542                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    177173820                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       342111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        2366981                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        641173                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        45674                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      7094024                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      3917645                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     11011669                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2213194543                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     490324221                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     14538421                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              39337951                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            656866638                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        472896998                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          166542417                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.140488                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2198247131                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2191709717                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1235885888                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1632519476                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.129417                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.757042                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    326701160                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       621662                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     10071394                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1454858481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.395596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.298088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    887087033     60.97%     60.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    179353047     12.33%     73.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     60958678      4.19%     77.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     37487889      2.58%     80.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    126744412      8.71%     88.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     23231646      1.60%     90.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     42315614      2.91%     93.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     41810153      2.87%     96.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     55870009      3.84%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1454858481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2030394775                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2030394775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              563133487                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             422912714                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              310778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          439677549                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           29375871                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1971857062                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     16328100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      55870009                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3738540543                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4763090862                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 3748897                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               436957028                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.970284                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.970284                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.030626                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.030626                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2863334590                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1551554755                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          19923275                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         19579922                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         4617123                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2579545                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              1149                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1149                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008766                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008766                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 2942751509                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         14078614.356441                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          14078614.356441                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            8751.172680                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6405167                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 129043.594602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    21425070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6532255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.279889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    27218.446635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   159.740466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 101126.692806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         12.751936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        525.962762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.207660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.001219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.771535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.004013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.984524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        16321                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4544708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 4561029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         17504162                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total              17504162                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13430584                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              13430584                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         16321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      17975292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 17991613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        16321                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     17975292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                17991613                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5668892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               5674229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       730634                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              730634                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      6399526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6404863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5337                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      6399526                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6404863                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    425541169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 333813059321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    334238600490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  46744014843                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   46744014843                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    425541169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 380557074164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     380982615333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    425541169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 380557074164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    380982615333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        21658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10213600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            10235258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     17504162                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          17504162                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14161218                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          14161218                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        21658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24374818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             24396476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        21658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24374818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            24396476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.246422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.555034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.554381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051594                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.051594                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.246422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.262547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.262532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.246422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.262547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.262532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79734.151958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58885.062429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58904.672422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63977.333170                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63977.333170                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79734.151958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59466.447072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59483.335605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79734.151958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59466.447072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59483.335605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1331764                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1331764                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5668892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          5674229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       730634                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         730634                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6399526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6404863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6399526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6404863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    385059419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 290155975717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 290541035136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41124388797                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41124388797                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    385059419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 331280364514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 331665423933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    385059419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 331280364514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 331665423933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.246422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.555034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.554381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.246422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.262547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.262532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.246422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.262547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.262532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72149.038598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51183.895498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51203.614647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56285.895259                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56285.895259                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72149.038598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51766.390904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51783.375216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72149.038598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51766.390904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51783.375216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  4149803570                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           10235258                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          10235258                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         17504162                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         14161218                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        14161218                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        43316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     66253798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              66297114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1386112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2680254720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         2681640832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            2681640832                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        25610684346                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          22721341                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       25283565423                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2942751585                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 14700882.850008                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  14700882.850008                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             21658                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 4096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           840235314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             25754                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          32625.429603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  2258.933613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1837.066387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.551497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.448503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    241211083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       241211083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    241211083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        241211083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    241211083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       241211083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        24278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         24278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        24278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          24278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        24278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         24278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    642483506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    642483506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    642483506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    642483506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    642483506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    642483506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    241235361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    241235361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    241235361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    241235361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    241235361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    241235361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26463.609276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26463.609276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26463.609276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26463.609276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26463.609276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26463.609276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13537                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                53                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   255.415094                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2620                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2620                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        21658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        21658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        21658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    490716949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    490716949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    490716949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    490716949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    490716949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    490716949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22657.537584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22657.537584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22657.537584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22657.537584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22657.537584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22657.537584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1268                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           41                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.309570                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.010010                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         2942755502                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 32334076.780504                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  32334076.780504                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     333.713930                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          24374818                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 4055                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           557672277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          24378873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             22.875228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  4043.624807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    11.375193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.987213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    430327904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       430327904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    121072841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      121072841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       314380                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       314380                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    551400745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        551400745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    551400745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       551400745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     25046862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      25046862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18837154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     18837154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     43884016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       43884016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     43884016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      43884016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 976708620748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 976708620748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 332702878613                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 332702878613                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      2388044                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2388044                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1309411499361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1309411499361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1309411499361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1309411499361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    455374766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    455374766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    139909995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    139909995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       314460                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       314460                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    595284761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    595284761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    595284761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    595284761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.134638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.134638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000254                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38995.249016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38995.249016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17662.056519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17662.056519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29850.550000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29850.550000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29838.005240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29838.005240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29838.005240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29838.005240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     24753442                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           2971185                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.331168                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     17504162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          17504162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     14832964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     14832964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4676314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      4676314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19509278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     19509278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19509278                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     19509278                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10213898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10213898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14160840                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     14160840                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     24374738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     24374738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     24374738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     24374738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 356451876939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 356451876939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103142118965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 103142118965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      2267296                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2267296                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 459593995904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 459593995904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 459593995904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 459593995904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101214                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101214                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34898.711240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34898.711240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7283.615871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7283.615871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28341.200000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28341.200000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18855.340964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18855.340964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18855.340964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18855.340964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
