
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.349661                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                349660712610                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               682727365890                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 242456                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   242456                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               28259108                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2352816                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12373.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        33600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      8987264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9020864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        33600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         33600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        87040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           87040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          525                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       140426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              140951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1360                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1360                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        96093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     25702813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              25798906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        96093                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            96093                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks          248927                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total               248927                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks          248927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        96093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     25702813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             26047833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      140951                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1360                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    140951                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1360                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                    9020864                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   87040                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd              9020864                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr                87040                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               10661                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1                9026                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2                6509                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3                9600                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4                7499                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5                6947                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               10182                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7                9666                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8                9346                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9                8450                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10               6409                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11               8579                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12               9401                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13               9342                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14               5832                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              13497                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0                  90                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1                  79                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2                 128                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3                  95                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4                  86                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5                 127                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6                  93                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7                  70                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8                  79                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9                  76                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10                 87                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11                 71                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12                 66                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13                 78                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14                 67                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15                 68                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  349335536778                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                140951                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1360                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  118638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   16607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    4084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                      60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                      60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                      60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        16251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    560.081718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   216.006633                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1081.477197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65         4260     26.21%     26.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129         2763     17.00%     43.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         4694     28.88%     72.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257          501      3.08%     75.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321          348      2.14%     77.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385          222      1.37%     78.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449          202      1.24%     79.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513          190      1.17%     81.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577          167      1.03%     82.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641          170      1.05%     83.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705          172      1.06%     84.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769          102      0.63%     84.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833          112      0.69%     85.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897           86      0.53%     86.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961          115      0.71%     86.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          103      0.63%     87.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           50      0.31%     87.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           35      0.22%     87.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           37      0.23%     88.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           32      0.20%     88.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           22      0.14%     88.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           38      0.23%     88.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473           35      0.22%     88.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           24      0.15%     89.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           25      0.15%     89.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           26      0.16%     89.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           38      0.23%     89.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           21      0.13%     89.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           13      0.08%     89.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           15      0.09%     89.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           25      0.15%     90.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           58      0.36%     90.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           24      0.15%     90.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           35      0.22%     90.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           26      0.16%     90.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           33      0.20%     91.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           21      0.13%     91.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           18      0.11%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           36      0.22%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           51      0.31%     91.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           28      0.17%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           46      0.28%     92.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           39      0.24%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           41      0.25%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           58      0.36%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           43      0.26%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           48      0.30%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           24      0.15%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           38      0.23%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           62      0.38%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           47      0.29%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           40      0.25%     95.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           21      0.13%     95.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           88      0.54%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           53      0.33%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           36      0.22%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           62      0.38%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           64      0.39%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           22      0.14%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           30      0.18%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           43      0.26%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           56      0.34%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           35      0.22%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           59      0.36%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           36      0.22%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           19      0.12%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           12      0.07%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           18      0.11%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            3      0.02%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            4      0.02%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            3      0.02%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            2      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            3      0.02%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            3      0.02%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            1      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            1      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            4      0.02%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            3      0.02%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.02%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.02%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            3      0.02%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            5      0.03%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            3      0.02%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            3      0.02%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            4      0.02%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            5      0.03%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            3      0.02%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            1      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            3      0.02%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            3      0.02%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.01%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.01%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            1      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            1      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           29      0.18%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            1      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8384-8385            1      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            1      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8704-8705            2      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8768-8769            1      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8832-8833            1      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9984-9985            1      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::12224-12225            1      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        16251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    541446941                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              3390613191                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  704730000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                2144436250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      3841.52                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  15214.59                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                24056.12                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        25.80                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                25.80                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                 0.25                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      11.08                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   125561                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     491                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                36.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2454733.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     26047833                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               86705                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              86705                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             54246                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            54246                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       283262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 283262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      9107904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total             9107904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                9107904                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            51012603                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          447566662                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       191340984                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    136279209                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4826037                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    134128483                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       125515820                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     93.578796                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        21705105                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        26290                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            622831524                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             616543                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                   333                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        623448067                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           159368013                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            116001                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       159484014                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            782199537                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             732544                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                   333                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        782932081                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           245121695                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              4856                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       245126551                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   12                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1050032171                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    491063906                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2187162609                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           191340984                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    147220925                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             375792856                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        17944981                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      167928628                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          660                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        41761                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          335                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         245121695                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       2345278                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1047403168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.088176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.195051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        671610312     64.12%     64.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         35653419      3.40%     67.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         33785743      3.23%     70.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         21366680      2.04%     72.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         35103828      3.35%     76.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         16546663      1.58%     77.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         18761413      1.79%     79.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         32480321      3.10%     82.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        182094789     17.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1047403168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.182224                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.082948                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        503447064                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     158157256                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         370517909                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2881791                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       12399147                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     22988280                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        180915                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2173086917                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts        237880                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       12399147                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        516881156                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        11929842                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    101957080                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         359919420                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      44316522                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2161037919                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          1588                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          94687                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      28111875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1779517663                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3035331459                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2989345147                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     45986312                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1683770652                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         95746996                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      8243680                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          565                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         127048026                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    630672125                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    164121513                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     22676145                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15409135                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2088395083                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1080                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2055584866                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       900637                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     86884253                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     63116004                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           88                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1047403168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.962554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.881058                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    307886149     29.40%     29.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    210948728     20.14%     49.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    170863039     16.31%     65.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    134932451     12.88%     78.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     93956658      8.97%     87.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     72518885      6.92%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36253170      3.46%     98.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     18180074      1.74%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1864014      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1047403168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         3840828     23.67%     23.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           1474      0.01%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     23.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd           639      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             1      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt           152      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           70      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            25      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt          432      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        9227509     56.87%     80.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3153396     19.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      4114445      0.20%      0.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1235220176     60.09%     60.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      9357235      0.46%     60.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     60.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     12003595      0.58%     61.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       377404      0.02%     61.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt      6509011      0.32%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult       189217      0.01%     61.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      2060861      0.10%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt          409      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    625982043     30.45%     92.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    159770470      7.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2055584866                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.957640                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            16224526                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007893                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5105861145                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2139513894                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2007111348                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     69836918                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     35946171                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     34739241                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2032733670                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        34961277                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     20775757                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     23025405                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        25931                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       181227                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      7110980                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3656                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        63123                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       12399147                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6634015                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        176577                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2130450955                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      5098613                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     630672125                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    164121513                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          556                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         143791                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         21590                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       181227                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3348649                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1596334                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4944983                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2049243247                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     623456250                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      6341619                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              42054792                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            782940305                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        179337279                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          159484055                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.951600                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2043820758                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2041850589                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1273567465                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1524607164                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.944560                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.835341                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     80138161                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          992                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4650162                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1035004021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.970770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.484597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    421233006     40.70%     40.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    206751631     19.98%     60.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     92952612      8.98%     69.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     85027659      8.22%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     60089865      5.81%     83.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     39001350      3.77%     87.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     28132464      2.72%     90.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     26669217      2.58%     92.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     75146217      7.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1035004021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2039755081                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2039755081                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              764657250                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             607646718                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 490                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          174173711                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           34393396                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1970245725                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     20001689                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      75146217                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3074797305                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4252201420                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   12708                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2629003                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000001                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.525016                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.525016                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.904704                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.904704                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2904794624                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1694611797                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          25101233                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         23468561                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         4346146                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2058202                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1             45986                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1141                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.350845                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008705                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                  646004392                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  447400543                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         604354.013252                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         376320.000007                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          980674.013258                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                  54                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                  54                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 11963044.296296                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 8285195.240741                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.590819                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.409181                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            6335.976928                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        61614                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        61614                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            2                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1       1923297                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        1935431                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1      5092975                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2      5080843                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1     0.037037                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                      1559                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 70216.941646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1905876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     77866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     24.476357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    65384.774087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   352.285426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   902.292285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       2592.723465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        984.866383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.498846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.002688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.006884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.019781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.007514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.535713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       908853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  908906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1206158                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1206158                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       723021                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                723021                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            53                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       1631874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1631927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           53                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1631874                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1631927                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        86180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 86705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54246                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               54246                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       140426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 140951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          525                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       140426                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                140951                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34255973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4384607385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4418863358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3249160619                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3249160619                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34255973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7633768004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       7668023977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34255973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7633768004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      7668023977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       995033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              995611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1206158                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1206158                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       777267                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            777267                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1772300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1772878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1772300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1772878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.908304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.087087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069791                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.069791                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.908304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.079504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.908304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.079504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65249.472381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50877.319390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50964.342979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59896.777993                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59896.777993                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65249.472381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54361.500036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54402.054452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65249.472381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54361.500036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54402.054452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1360                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1360                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        86180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            86705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54246                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          54246                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       140426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            140951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       140426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           140951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     30286087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3718394169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3748680256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2836463665                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2836463665                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     30286087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6554857834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6585143921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     30286087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6554857834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6585143921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.908304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.087087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.908304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.079504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.908304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.079504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57687.784762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43146.834173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43234.879834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52288.899919                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52288.899919                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57687.784762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46678.377466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46719.384190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57687.784762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46678.377466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46719.384190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   545266406                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             995611                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            995611                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1206158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           777267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          777266                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4750757                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4751913                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        36992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    190621248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          190658240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             190658240                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1795320216                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            690041                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1792172410                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2050232330                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 14937715.431837                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  14937715.431837                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               216                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          3518.752171                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1244864781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              3792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          328287.125791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   453.848432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  3064.903739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.110803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.748268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.859070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    245120892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       245120892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    245120892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        245120892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    245120892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       245120892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          793                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           793                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     46848814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46848814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     46848814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46848814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     46848814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46848814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    245121685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    245121685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    245121685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    245121685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    245121685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    245121685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59077.949559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59077.949559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59077.949559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59077.949559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59077.949559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59077.949559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2036                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                28                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    72.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          215                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          215                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34983916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34983916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34983916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34983916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34983916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34983916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60525.806228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60525.806228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60525.806228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60525.806228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60525.806228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60525.806228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1242                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           39                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.303223                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.009521                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1          898508223                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          152460057                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 34071280.966164                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 5390918.409021                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  39462199.375185                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          582                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          583                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 1543828.561856                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 261509.531732                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.854934                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.145066                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     235.050577                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        22698                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        22737                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1       192050                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1       508096                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2       701349                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1      1661028                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2      1663882                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1   329.982818                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1517213                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2937.359197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           776708226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1520890                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            510.693230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2912.408453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    24.950744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.711037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.717129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    599728387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       599728387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    154692256                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      154692256                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          492                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          492                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          490                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          490                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    754420643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        754420643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    754420643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       754420643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2270986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2270986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2317786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2317786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4588772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4588772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4588772                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4588772                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34525911346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34525911346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27017290290                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  27017290290                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        10323                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        10323                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  61543201636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  61543201636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  61543201636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  61543201636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    601999373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    601999373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    157010042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    157010042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          494                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          494                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          490                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          490                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    759009415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    759009415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    759009415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    759009415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014762                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014762                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004049                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004049                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15203.048960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15203.048960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11656.507672                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11656.507672                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5161.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5161.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13411.693071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13411.693071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13411.693071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13411.693071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       365070                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11854                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             25142                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets             174                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.520325                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    68.126437                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1206158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1206158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1275934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1275934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1540539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1540539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2816473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2816473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2816473                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2816473                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       995052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       995052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       777247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       777247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1772299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1772299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1772299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1772299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8046606314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8046606314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6107711440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6107711440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         3663                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         3663                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14154317754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14154317754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14154317754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14154317754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004950                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004950                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002024                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002024                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8086.618904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8086.618904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7858.134467                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7858.134467                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7986.416374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7986.416374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7986.416374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7986.416374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
