
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.382805                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                382805466345                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               715830907212                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 286831                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   286831                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36600177                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2353600                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10459.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        44608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      6644032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            6688640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        44608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         44608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      4646784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         4646784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       103813                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              104510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         72606                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              72606                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       116529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     17356158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              17472687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       116529                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           116529                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        12138761                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             12138761                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        12138761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       116529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     17356158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             29611448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      104510                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      72606                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    104510                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    72606                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                    6688640                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 4646784                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd              6688640                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr              4646784                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    203                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0                4020                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1                3775                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2                3435                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3                3198                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4                3329                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5                3822                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6                9163                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               12905                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               16030                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               13897                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10               6555                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11               5409                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12               5405                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13               4938                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14               4293                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15               4133                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0                3769                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1                3598                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2                3195                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3                2915                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4                3053                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5                3665                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6                5224                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7                5898                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8                7014                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9                7044                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10               5034                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11               4819                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12               4841                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13               4540                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14               4084                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15               3913                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  382409643564                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                104510                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                72606                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   86418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   14375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                    2741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                    3149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                    3157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                    3157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                    3157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                    3157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                    3157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                    3157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                    3157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                    3157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                   3157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                   3157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                   3157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                   3157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                   3157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   3157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   3157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   3156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   3156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   3156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   3156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   3156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        31070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    363.627937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   168.439594                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   705.930027                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        14029     45.15%     45.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3969     12.77%     57.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         2532      8.15%     66.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         1064      3.42%     69.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         1085      3.49%     72.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         1505      4.84%     77.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449          758      2.44%     80.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513          706      2.27%     82.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577          347      1.12%     83.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641          266      0.86%     84.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705          262      0.84%     85.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769          332      1.07%     86.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833          361      1.16%     87.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897          349      1.12%     88.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961          364      1.17%     89.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          280      0.90%     90.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          443      1.43%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          271      0.87%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           86      0.28%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          155      0.50%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          106      0.34%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          233      0.75%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          786      2.53%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          243      0.78%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           35      0.11%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           16      0.05%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           14      0.05%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           14      0.05%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           11      0.04%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            8      0.03%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            3      0.01%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           11      0.04%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           12      0.04%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            2      0.01%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           10      0.03%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            6      0.02%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            8      0.03%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            7      0.02%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.00%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.01%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            5      0.02%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            7      0.02%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            6      0.02%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            6      0.02%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.00%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.00%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            9      0.03%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            2      0.01%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.00%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            3      0.01%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            4      0.01%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            3      0.01%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.00%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            9      0.03%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           50      0.16%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            3      0.01%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            3      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            4      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            4      0.01%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.00%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            2      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            2      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            2      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            3      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            7      0.02%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.00%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.00%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            3      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            9      0.03%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            2      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            1      0.00%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            9      0.03%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            7      0.02%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.00%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            7      0.02%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           52      0.17%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            6      0.02%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            2      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           47      0.15%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           32      0.10%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.01%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            1      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           27      0.09%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8384-8385            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            2      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        31070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    969310475                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              3213129225                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  521535000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                1722283750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9292.86                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  16511.68                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                30804.54                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        17.47                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        12.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                17.47                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                12.14                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      12.91                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    88617                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   57208                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 84.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2159091.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     29611448                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               52453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              52453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             72606                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             52057                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            52057                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       281626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 281626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11335424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            11335424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               11335424                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           252402012                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          332632537                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        56630408                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     52962687                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      2905658                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     36421775                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        34786890                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     95.511243                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          893319                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         2997                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            579309070                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             915918                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     4                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        580224988                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           228758830                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            151648                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       228910478                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            808067900                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1067566                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     4                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        809135466                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           163486316                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              3713                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       163490029                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   14                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1149566599                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    326764613                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2128873020                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            56630408                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     35680209                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             286884196                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        15596274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      517950549                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          171                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        27821                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           20                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         163486316                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       2022457                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1144005442                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.860894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.306591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        857121246     74.92%     74.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4244722      0.37%     75.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          5907143      0.52%     75.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          3952978      0.35%     76.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          6612014      0.58%     76.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         12042292      1.05%     77.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          7953851      0.70%     78.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          2797112      0.24%     78.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        243374084     21.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1144005442                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.049262                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.851892                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        387992427                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     458241886                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         283653866                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1750838                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       12366424                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      2744323                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         11674                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2118469555                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         32701                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       12366424                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        417576488                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       237780941                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles         5747                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         255071312                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     221204529                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2109436994                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           312                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       37089005                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     178712381                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1821889177                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3314023365                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    772353106                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   2541670259                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1732015272                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         89873853                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          397                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         504763448                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    587329456                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    231047853                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    133637268                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     17036503                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2091658283                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          112                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2055431147                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       764094                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     90960166                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69164645                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           66                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1144005442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.796697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.577180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    279132281     24.40%     24.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    290457014     25.39%     49.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    236097999     20.64%     70.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    167346272     14.63%     85.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    100171048      8.76%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     45453268      3.97%     97.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     18146508      1.59%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3698677      0.32%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3502375      0.31%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1144005442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         5696525      0.51%      0.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        173172      0.02%      0.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp           129      0.00%      0.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult    455819878     40.80%     41.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv     373395267     33.42%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt    278169278     24.90%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        3112179      0.28%     99.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        915655      0.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          128      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     436660899     21.24%     21.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       175798      0.01%     21.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     21.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    420065691     20.44%     41.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      5572417      0.27%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       559350      0.03%     41.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    322654725     15.70%     57.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     29487432      1.43%     59.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt     28925080      1.41%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    582165428     28.32%     88.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    229164199     11.15%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2055431147                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.788005                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt          1117282083                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.543576                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2217735942                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    620528186                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    524084318                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   4155177968                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   1562157259                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1520095299                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      540460984                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      2632252118                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     90946536                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     25185653                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10392                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        67938                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3672354                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        57020                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       12366424                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        32746196                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      11512206                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2094595605                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1140881                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     587329456                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    231047853                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        8879656                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         11072                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        67938                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1703546                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1556896                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      3260442                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2051795355                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     580225547                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      3635789                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               2937210                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            809136025                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         46784087                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          228910478                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.784843                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2046425449                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2044179617                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1477790646                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1860203298                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.778218                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.794424                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     86038756                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           46                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2894010                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1131639018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.769507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.736191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    656710792     58.03%     58.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    119622794     10.57%     68.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     59240330      5.23%     73.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     51459327      4.55%     78.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     34902836      3.08%     81.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     45311802      4.00%     85.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     26851680      2.37%     87.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     17634615      1.56%     89.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    119904842     10.60%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1131639018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2002442910                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2002442910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              789519272                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             562143784                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  16                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           41279967                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1514954274                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1195537332                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       680125                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     119904842                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3097303062                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4189367560                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  124299                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 5561157                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000005                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.574783                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.574783                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.739786                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.739786                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1439380768                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       471380675                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1788728512                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1299214512                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          814381                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes             96                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 2149641496                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         2230082.156245                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          2230082.156245                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg           19638.771150                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    104513                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 130941.639114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7177606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    235579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     30.467936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    106633.939431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   442.064401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 14542.017700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        219.427491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       9104.190090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.813552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.003373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.110947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.069459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2805784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 2805784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          2972641                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               2972641                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       280237                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                280237                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       3086021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  3086021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3086021                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 3086021                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        51756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 52453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        52057                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               52057                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       103813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 104510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       103813                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                104510                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50983161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3007753817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3058736978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3326376353                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3326376353                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50983161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6334130170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       6385113331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50983161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6334130170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      6385113331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2857540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             2858237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2972641                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           2972641                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       332294                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            332294                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3189834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              3190531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3189834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             3190531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.018352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.156659                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.156659                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.032756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.032756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73146.572453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58114.108838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58313.861514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63898.733177                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63898.733177                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73146.572453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61014.807105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61095.716496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73146.572453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61014.807105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61095.716496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                72606                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     72606                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        51756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            52453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        52057                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          52057                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       103813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            104510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       103813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           104510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     45655437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2609509963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2655165400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2925475537                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2925475537                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     45655437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5534985500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5580640937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     45655437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5534985500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5580640937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.018352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.156659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.032756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.032756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65502.779053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50419.467559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50619.895907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56197.543789                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56197.543789                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65502.779053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53316.882279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53398.152684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65502.779053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53316.882279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53398.152684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  1030400667                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2858237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2858237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          2972641                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           332294                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          332294                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9352309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               9353703                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    394398400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          394443008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             394443008                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4032115182                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            817756                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3201829629                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2149642361                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 9962856.041405                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  9962856.041405                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                94                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          3054.769823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1163555700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              3357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          346605.808758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   455.180720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2599.589103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.111128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.634665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.745793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    163485305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       163485305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    163485305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        163485305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    163485305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       163485305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     71644015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71644015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     71644015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71644015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     71644015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71644015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    163486315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    163486315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    163486315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    163486315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    163486315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    163486315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70934.668317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70934.668317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70934.668317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70934.668317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70934.668317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70934.668317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          208                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           44                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    69.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           44                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51690017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51690017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51690017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51690017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51690017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51690017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74160.713056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74160.713056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74160.713056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74160.713056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74160.713056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74160.713056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2149642362                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 43613762.855208                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  43613762.855208                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           3189834                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 4096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           763949857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           3193930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            239.188040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  4089.887656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     6.112344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    479592620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       479592620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    225811889                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      225811889                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    705404509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        705404509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    705404509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       705404509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      8715551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       8715551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1563579                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1563579                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     10279130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       10279130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     10279130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      10279130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  45972409737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  45972409737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28406420831                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  28406420831                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        29970                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        29970                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  74378830568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74378830568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  74378830568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74378830568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    488308171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    488308171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    227375468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    227375468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    715683639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    715683639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    715683639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    715683639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006877                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006877                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5274.756551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5274.756551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18167.563539                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18167.563539                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         4995                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4995                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7235.907180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  7235.907180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7235.907180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  7235.907180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       348210                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              8322                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    41.842105                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2972641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2972641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      5858017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      5858017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1231285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1231285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7089302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7089302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7089302                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7089302                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2857534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2857534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       332294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       332294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3189828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3189828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3189828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3189828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13575218441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13575218441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4434934048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4434934048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        21978                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        21978                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18010152489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18010152489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18010152489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18010152489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001461                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001461                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4750.676087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4750.676087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13346.416270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13346.416270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5646.120258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5646.120258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5646.120258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5646.120258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
