
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.455094                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                455093950000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               955093996000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 394851                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   394851                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               59898028                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2206032                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7597.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     42545600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           42620096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         74496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     40250304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        40250304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       664775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              665939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        628911                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             628911                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       163694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     93487510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              93651203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       163694                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           163694                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        88443944                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             88443944                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        88443944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       163694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     93487510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            182095148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      665939                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     628911                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    665939                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   628911                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   42620096                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                40250304                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             42620096                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             40250304                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               41196                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               41811                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               41763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               41746                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               41263                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               41749                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               41823                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               41723                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               40765                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               41625                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              41774                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              42025                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              41130                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              41981                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              41784                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              41776                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               38854                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               39431                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               39405                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               39424                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               38810                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               39431                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               39601                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               39479                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               38700                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               39431                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              39450                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              39559                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              38837                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              39606                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              39455                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              39438                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  455093802000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                665939                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               628911                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  596393                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   15598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    8128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   25702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   26944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   27231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   27343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  27343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       126264                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    656.225052                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   286.328922                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   712.773312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        49334     39.07%     39.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        13057     10.34%     49.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         2242      1.78%     51.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         1500      1.19%     52.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         1660      1.31%     53.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         1634      1.29%     54.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449          985      0.78%     55.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513          984      0.78%     56.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577          992      0.79%     57.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641          990      0.78%     58.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705          983      0.78%     58.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         1065      0.84%     59.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833          914      0.72%     60.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897          940      0.74%     61.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961          946      0.75%     61.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1039      0.82%     62.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1059      0.84%     63.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         1240      0.98%     64.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         1746      1.38%     65.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         2144      1.70%     67.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         2576      2.04%     69.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         2281      1.81%     71.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        34575     27.38%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          877      0.69%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           84      0.07%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           27      0.02%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           20      0.02%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           16      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           16      0.01%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            9      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           11      0.01%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           10      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            6      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            5      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            3      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            5      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            1      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            9      0.01%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            2      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            2      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            2      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            3      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            2      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            2      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            2      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            2      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            2      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            2      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          208      0.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       126264                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  10136638250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             23559798250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3329670000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               10093490000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15221.69                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  15156.89                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35378.58                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        93.65                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        88.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                93.65                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                88.44                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       1.37                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   607356                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  561203                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     351464.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    182095148                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            628911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            660732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           660732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1960789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1960789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     82870400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            82870400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               82870400                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          3163069000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3156104250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       432205365                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    335018819                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      6661626                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    257894427                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       249132107                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     96.602362                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        36144094                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       292682                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            340853064                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             322568                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     6                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        341175632                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           208978985                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            185229                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       209164214                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            549832049                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             507797                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     6                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        550339846                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           262495155                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses            227556                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       262722711                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  136                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                910187901                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    268178356                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2232194883                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           432205365                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    285276201                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             438218550                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        23161957                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      168601493                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        17016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1131539                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          186                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         262495155                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       2400858                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    891874737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.502812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.027295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        453656187     50.87%     50.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         34090032      3.82%     54.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         46974328      5.27%     59.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         49922893      5.60%     65.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         41315942      4.63%     70.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         70627709      7.92%     78.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         29326673      3.29%     81.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67662619      7.59%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         98298354     11.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    891874737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.474853                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.452455                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        293537306                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     149047819                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         409586325                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      24970740                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       14732546                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     51801041                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred       1054851                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2208360607                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       2379683                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       14732546                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        308296217                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        26439826                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     75376933                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         420630765                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      46398449                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2187572817                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          1491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       22957645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      14119319                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1518362267                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    2840714007                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2805189359                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     35524648                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1426609402                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         91752844                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3991423                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2923757                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          98904668                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    346230374                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    214034897                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     23749663                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     11144873                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2085352912                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5749839                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2065933612                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1002845                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     88297524                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51753871                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       111507                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    891874737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.316394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.012171                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    211064253     23.67%     23.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    169540981     19.01%     42.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    145503740     16.31%     58.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    115621587     12.96%     71.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     96054084     10.77%     82.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     78721708      8.83%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     54853876      6.15%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     12543806      1.41%     99.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      7970702      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    891874737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         3046941     11.94%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult         718708      2.82%     14.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     14.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          1187      0.00%     14.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     14.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     14.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult         7389      0.03%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             1      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       13435091     52.64%     67.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       8312724     32.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            2      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1495480369     72.39%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      3277790      0.16%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      5812634      0.28%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp          105      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          724      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult      2673220      0.13%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv           58      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            1      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    347903408     16.84%     89.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    210785301     10.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2065933612                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.269788                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            25522041                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012354                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5015780393                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2157577123                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2029481339                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     34486449                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     21842486                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16109595                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2073904831                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        17550820                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     38449911                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     18224767                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        47405                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        20436                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      8293789                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1710821                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1619420                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       14732546                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        11987816                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2777748                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2150877209                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      7210448                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     346230374                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    214034897                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      2893573                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           1543                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           895                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        20436                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3063136                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      3775347                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      6838483                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2053326957                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     341359783                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     12606650                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              59774458                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            550524008                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        408985198                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          209164225                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.255937                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2047721128                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2045590934                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1140564262                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1622599785                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.247438                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.702924                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     93814849                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5638332                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      5666575                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    877142191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.344886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.519594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    256582563     29.25%     29.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    195086230     22.24%     51.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    138863343     15.83%     67.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     45033414      5.13%     72.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     54551704      6.22%     78.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     49798855      5.68%     84.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     38561878      4.40%     88.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     39000650      4.45%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     59663554      6.80%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    877142191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2056798499                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2056798499                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              533746711                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             328005607                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars             2819098                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          399532430                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           15975317                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1966705310                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     33255029                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      59663554                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           2967978066                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4315960347                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  428408                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                18313164                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.455094                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.455094                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.197348                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.197348                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2720225998                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1451253480                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          21610570                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         11432206                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         6677103                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        5638197                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              1318                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.040222                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.000092                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 1910187963                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         363849.116391                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          363849.116391                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg             389.277000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    635884                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  9024.055546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1220547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    667628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.828184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7185.233646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   154.314141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   103.184864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       1376.488271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        204.834625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.219276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.003149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.042007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.006251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.275392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       191880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       387658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  579538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1097812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1097812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        53609                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 53609                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        191880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        441267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   633147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       191880                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       441267                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  633147                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  5207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       660732                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              660732                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       664775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 665939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       664775                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                665939                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79394750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    285734250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       365129000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47495890250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   47495890250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79394750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47781624500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      47861019250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79394750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47781624500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     47861019250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       193044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       391701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              584745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1097812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1097812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       714341                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            714341                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       193044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1106042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1299086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       193044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1106042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1299086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.008905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.924953                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.924953                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.601040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.512621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.601040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.512621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68208.548110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70673.818946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70122.719416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71883.744468                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71883.744468                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68208.548110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71876.385995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71869.974953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68208.548110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71876.385995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71869.974953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               628911                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    628911                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             5207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       660732                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         660732                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       664775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            665939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       664775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           665939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66024250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    239352750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    305377000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39911555750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39911555750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66024250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40150908500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40216932750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66024250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40150908500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40216932750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.008905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.924953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.924953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.601040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.512621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.601040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.512621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56721.864261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59201.768489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58647.397734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60405.059464                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60405.059464                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56721.864261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60397.741341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60391.316247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56721.864261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60397.741341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60391.316247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   337076492                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             584745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            584745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1097812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           714341                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          714341                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       386088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3309896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3695984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12354816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    141046656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          153401472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             153401472                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2296261000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         289848496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1815905500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         1910187654                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 6614877.737283                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  6614877.737283                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      53.224000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            193022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1020.227925                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1201788188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            194046                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           6193.315956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      893720974250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   318.351083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   701.876842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.310890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.685427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    262301388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       262301388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    262301388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        262301388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    262301388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       262301388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        193760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         193760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        193760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1647861241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1647861241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1647861241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1647861241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1647861241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1647861241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    262495148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    262495148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    262495148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    262495148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    262495148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    262495148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8504.651326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8504.651326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8504.651326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8504.651326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8504.651326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8504.651326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1173                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                54                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.722222                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          716                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          716                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       193044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       193044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1231885752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1231885752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1231885752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1231885752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1231885752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1231885752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6381.372910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6381.372910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6381.372910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6381.372910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6381.372910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6381.372910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           39                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            1                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.038086                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.000977                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         1910187992                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 10611124.326080                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  10611124.326080                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      12.584000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1105950                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1004.956999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           759349964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1106973                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            685.969725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   823.097592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   181.859408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.803806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.177597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    296215302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       296215302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    192231525                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      192231525                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2819093                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      2819093                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2819098                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      2819098                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    488446827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        488446827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    488446827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       488446827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       516131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        516131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10690479                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10690479                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     11206610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       11206610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     11206610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      11206610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4694346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4694346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 644991144892                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 644991144892                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       159750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       159750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 649685490892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 649685490892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 649685490892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 649685490892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    296731433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    296731433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    202922004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    202922004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2819103                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2819103                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2819098                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      2819098                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    499653437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    499653437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    499653437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    499653437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.052683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000004                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9095.260699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9095.260699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60333.231550                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60333.231550                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15975                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        15975                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57973.418446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57973.418446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57973.418446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57973.418446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      5141831                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     46253694                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            194901                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets          444009                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.381758                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   104.172875                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1097812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1097812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       124439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       124439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9976138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      9976138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10100577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10100577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10100577                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10100577                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       391692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       391692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       714341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       714341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1106033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1106033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1106033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1106033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2893408500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2893408500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  48519137348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48519137348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       132750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       132750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51412545848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51412545848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51412545848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51412545848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003520                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003520                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7386.948163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7386.948163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67921.535160                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67921.535160                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        14750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46483.735881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46483.735881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46483.735881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46483.735881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
