
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.306869                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1306868913500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1806916452000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 262924                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   262924                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              114535687                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2209616                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11410.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        22080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1366423104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1366445184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        22080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    582319680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       582319680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     21350361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            21350706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       9098745                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            9098745                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        16895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1045570133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1045587029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        16895                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16895                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       445583849                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            445583849                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       445583849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        16895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1045570133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1491170877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    21350706                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    9098745                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  21350706                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  9098745                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1366445184                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               582319680                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1366445184                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            582319680                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1334520                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1334451                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1337041                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1333226                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1333597                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1333316                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1334437                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1333168                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1333779                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1333389                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1335896                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1334890                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1334531                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1335859                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1333927                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1334679                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              568499                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              568466                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              568457                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              568604                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              568832                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              568946                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              569216                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              568907                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              569056                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              568816                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             568745                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             568535                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             568403                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             568543                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             568243                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             568477                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1306868638500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              21350706                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              9098745                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 7241110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 6685406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 4970885                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                 2453287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  312047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  392011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  395596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 395598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 395597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  83551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   3587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples     14432552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    135.019825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.292804                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   389.639779                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65     10637599     73.71%     73.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       515960      3.57%     77.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193      1769736     12.26%     89.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257       854019      5.92%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321       165934      1.15%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        88223      0.61%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        41749      0.29%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        21554      0.15%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        46660      0.32%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        82759      0.57%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        51781      0.36%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        60303      0.42%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         5704      0.04%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1651      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1528      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1112      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          919      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         1428      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         5998      0.04%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         2255      0.02%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         1487      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1573      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        13715      0.10%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          888      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         1646      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         1744      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          305      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          170      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          255      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          270      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          207      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          178      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          176      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         4009      0.03%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241          132      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          102      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369          352      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433          161      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          141      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561          159      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625          243      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          248      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          151      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          194      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          182      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          197      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          153      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073         2547      0.02%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          125      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          148      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          156      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          289      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393         6406      0.04%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          115      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          117      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          138      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          105      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          237      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          122      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           60      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          186      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           65      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           51      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           54      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           76      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           97      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           85      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           74      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           88      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           64      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           54      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          157      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           80      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          122      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801           78      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          216      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          349      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          150      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           62      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           61      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           75      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249         1257      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          651      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          580      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           58      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           52      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569           65      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           79      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697           75      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761         4445      0.03%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          264      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           24      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953           33      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           59      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           16      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           24      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           29      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           43      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337           51      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           40      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465           63      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529           51      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           73      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657           49      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           43      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           39      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849           43      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          348      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977         1482      0.01%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041         5287      0.04%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105           37      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           32      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233           22      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          280      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           22      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           18      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489           30      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           21      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617           34      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           22      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           23      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           27      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           16      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           53      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            9      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            8      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129          106      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        17750      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total     14432552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 474892064250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            1194034225500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               106753530000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              612388631250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22242.45                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  28682.36                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                55924.81                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1045.59                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       445.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1045.59                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               445.58                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        11.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.91                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.52                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  9383407                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 6633478                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 43.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                72.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      42919.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1491170877                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            12279325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           12279325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           9098745                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           9071381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          9071381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     51800157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               51800157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1948764864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1948764864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1948764864                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         51619705500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       101216225000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        52346424                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     38722115                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       232727                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     39611996                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        32827668                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     82.873047                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         5446065                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           17                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            688917618                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             368376                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        689285994                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           169628317                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            349965                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       169978282                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            858545935                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             718341                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        859264276                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           312921081                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                65                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       312921146                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   17                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               2613794751                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    352384636                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3616070821                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            52346424                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     38273733                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             501724074                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       154942606                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     1349379592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1100                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         312921081                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      13119767                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2305732159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.568296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.099897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1804008085     78.24%     78.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         13373972      0.58%     78.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         21593613      0.94%     79.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          9655218      0.42%     80.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         15344957      0.67%     80.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         13803067      0.60%     81.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6793925      0.29%     81.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          9889320      0.43%     82.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        411270002     17.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2305732159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.020027                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.383456                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        492743597                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    1247985623                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         399536564                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      63223882                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      102242492                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      8174568                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           138                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3307706556                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           515                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      102242492                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        561868970                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       667098310                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    178684228                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         382367437                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     413470721                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3077074906                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       7323610                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      145431446                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     244577363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2820607276                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4684101927                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1240533948                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   3443567979                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1784004654                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       1036602563                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts     10399626                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts           69                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         968651552                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    757712650                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    180016927                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6247501                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2040838                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2599192407                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           98                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2320948141                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     46666403                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    599172099                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    720518237                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           37                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2305732159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.006599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.410055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1224385981     53.10%     53.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    464900657     20.16%     73.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    278054361     12.06%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    167555119      7.27%     92.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     88538399      3.84%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     56326250      2.44%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     21415500      0.93%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3451577      0.15%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1104315      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2305732159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          109276      0.01%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult          11500      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          2670      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp         30165      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult    988409988     49.24%     49.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv    1003822124     50.01%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       12080169      0.60%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       2923335      0.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      5197191      0.22%      0.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     611379778     26.34%     26.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2859957      0.12%     26.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     26.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    340127343     14.65%     41.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      7841718      0.34%     41.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     13874490      0.60%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    240399211     10.36%     52.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv    198318283      8.54%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    730626479     31.48%     92.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    170323691      7.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2320948141                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.887961                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt          2007389227                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.864901                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4097573443                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1054517739                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    840706598                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   4904110625                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   2143854081                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1255159984                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      887891159                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      3435249018                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21356698                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    232491954                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        61195                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7218                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     11540217                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked    164790017                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      102242492                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       204867878                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      19248202                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2610961686                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      8878492                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     757712650                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    180016927                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           64                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       12501659                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        686440                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7218                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       178593                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54143                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       232736                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2254265108                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     689285994                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     66683030                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              11769181                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            859264276                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         48076976                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          169978282                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.862449                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2096640035                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2095866582                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1153870839                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1300741972                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.801848                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.887087                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    597980075                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           61                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       232592                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2203489667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.912974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.136237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1667327128     75.67%     75.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    173724679      7.88%     83.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     99357308      4.51%     88.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     48123684      2.18%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     28825286      1.31%     91.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     19893065      0.90%     92.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     18285564      0.83%     93.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     13184515      0.60%     93.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    134768438      6.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2203489667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2011729309                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2011729309                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              693697387                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             525220677                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  22                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           47765975                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1241535438                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1225659609                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      5444549                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     134768438                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4676043917                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5321661567                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 3952635                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               308062592                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000005                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.306897                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.306897                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.765171                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.765171                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1658857999                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       737420489                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1634473035                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1138467214                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        49120629                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2598640                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 3613832904                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         23895832.876224                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          23895832.876224                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            1677.560000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  21350739                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32510.283140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    71525959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  21383478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.344917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14281.512936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.549267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 18219.336172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          8.884766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.435837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.556010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.992135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     30944571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                30944571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         49651184                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total              49651184                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     40375355                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              40375355                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      71319926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 71319926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     71319926                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                71319926                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12278980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              12279325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9071381                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             9071381                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     21350361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               21350706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     21350361                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              21350706                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24857000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1144464612250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1144489469250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 830507882750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  830507882750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24857000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1974972495000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1974997352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     24857000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1974972495000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1974997352000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     43223551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            43223896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     49651184                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          49651184                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49446736                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          49446736                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     92670287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             92670632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     92670287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            92670632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.284081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.284086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.183458                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.183458                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.230391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.230393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.230391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.230393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72049.275362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93205.185793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93204.591397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91552.530177                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91552.530177                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72049.275362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92503.002408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92502.671902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72049.275362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92503.002408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92502.671902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              9098745                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   9098745                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12278980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         12279325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9071381                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        9071381                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21350361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          21350706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21350361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         21350706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     20899000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1003464656750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1003485555750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 726377934250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 726377934250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     20899000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1729842591000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1729863490000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     20899000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1729842591000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1729863490000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.284081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.284086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.183458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.183458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.230391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.230393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.230391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.230393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60576.811594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81722.150924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81721.556824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80073.578020                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80073.578020                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60576.811594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81021.702209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81021.371846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60576.811594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81021.702209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81021.371846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  6969785522                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           43223896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          43223893                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         49651184                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         49446736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        49446736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    234991755                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             234992445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        22080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   9108573952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         9108596032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            9108596032                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       120812092000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              9.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            599249                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      143955062000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            11.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         3613832895                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 7885611.225336                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  7885611.225336                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      52.818200                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               237                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           931.645703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1312997026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1064017.038898                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   108.429163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   823.216540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.105888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.803922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.909810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    312920549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       312920549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    312920549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        312920549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    312920549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       312920549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34878249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34878249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34878249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     34878249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34878249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     34878249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    312921080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    312921080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    312921080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    312921080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    312921080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    312921080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65684.084746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65684.084746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65684.084746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65684.084746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65684.084746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65684.084746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          106                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          106                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     25205251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25205251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     25205251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25205251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     25205251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25205251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73058.698551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73058.698551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73058.698551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73058.698551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73058.698551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73058.698551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         3613832904                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 17127656.048656                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  17127656.048656                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      52.818200                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          92670284                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           787920970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          92671308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              8.502318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1020.422390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     3.577610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.996506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.003494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    462937310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       462937310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    108225885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      108225885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    571163195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        571163195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    571163195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       571163195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     48254849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      48254849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     60250803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     60250803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    108505652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      108505652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    108505652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     108505652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1640765816500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1640765816500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1898312333005                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1898312333005                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       172500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       172500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3539078149505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3539078149505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3539078149505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3539078149505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    511192159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    511192159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    168476688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    168476688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    679668847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    679668847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    679668847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    679668847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.094397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.094397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.357621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.357621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.159645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.159645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.159645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.159645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34002.092028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34002.092028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31506.838722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31506.838722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        86250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        86250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32616.532727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32616.532727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32616.532727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32616.532727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    613644852                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs          24871468                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.672643                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     49651184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          49651184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      5031287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      5031287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10804080                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     10804080                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     15835367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     15835367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     15835367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     15835367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     43223562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43223562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49446723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     49446723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     92670285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     92670285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     92670285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     92670285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1358767754500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1358767754500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1097554695101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1097554695101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       167500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       167500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2456322449601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2456322449601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2456322449601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2456322449601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.293493                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293493                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.136346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.136346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31435.811664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31435.811664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22196.712512                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22196.712512                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        83750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26506.041819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26506.041819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26506.041819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26506.041819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
