
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.043475                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1043474892921                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1376506553562                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 195850                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   195850                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               68121601                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2354716                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15317.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        21952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1304865664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1304887616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        21952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         21952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    536341824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       536341824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     20388526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            20388869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       8380341                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            8380341                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        21037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1250500297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1250521335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        21037                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            21037                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       513995907                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            513995907                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       513995907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        21037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1250500297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1764517242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    20388869                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    8380341                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  20388869                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  8380341                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1304887616                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               536341824                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1304887616                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            536341824                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1274506                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1274530                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1274444                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1273780                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1274001                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1274053                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1274868                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1273768                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1274468                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1274050                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1274357                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1274488                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1274374                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1274682                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1274023                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1274477                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              523855                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              524338                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              521786                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              525110                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              520877                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              524110                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              522128                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              527408                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              524325                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              524722                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             522167                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             525399                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             520900                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             524023                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             521773                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             527420                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1043474805675                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              20388869                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              8380341                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6282462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 6362084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 4828250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                 2916063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  240590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  353435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  364252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  364354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  364362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  364363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  364363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  364363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  364363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  364363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 364363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 364363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 364363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 364363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 364363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 364362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 364362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 364362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 364362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 364362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 364362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 364362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 364362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 123773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  10928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples     15176298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    121.316243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    85.848693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   296.913672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65     11591409     76.38%     76.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129      1224019      8.07%     84.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193       965767      6.36%     90.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257       593586      3.91%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321       229043      1.51%     96.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385       107638      0.71%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        75624      0.50%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        55485      0.37%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        59418      0.39%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        54607      0.36%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        35504      0.23%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        39077      0.26%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        24863      0.16%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        11718      0.08%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        13018      0.09%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025        10117      0.07%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         5435      0.04%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         5678      0.04%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         5262      0.03%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         3885      0.03%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         3677      0.02%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         3532      0.02%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         5854      0.04%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         2728      0.02%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         3714      0.02%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         2723      0.02%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729         1821      0.01%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         1690      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         1308      0.01%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         1352      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         1170      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         1035      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          938      0.01%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         1149      0.01%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241          903      0.01%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          849      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369          845      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433          679      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          608      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561          627      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625          542      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          496      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          499      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          523      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          463      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          449      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          423      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          476      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          497      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          714      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          711      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          638      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          665      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          315      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          238      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          263      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          227      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          209      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          222      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          219      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          217      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          199      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          194      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          204      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          200      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225          203      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          172      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          133      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          140      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          173      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          170      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          296      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          168      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          148      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          211      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          234      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          293      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          236      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          140      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          145      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          122      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          113      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313           96      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           86      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          114      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           97      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          126      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          125      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697           92      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          104      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825           94      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           95      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953           83      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           82      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           92      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           99      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           84      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           93      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337           83      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           69      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465           73      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529           91      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           86      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657           83      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          158      0.00%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          340      0.00%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          351      0.00%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          648      0.00%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          357      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041           39      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105           41      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           37      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233           31      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297           29      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           40      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           36      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489           41      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           39      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617           27      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           32      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           33      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           25      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           31      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          149      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           22      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           17      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           74      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        10392      0.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            7      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total     15176298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 531921647464                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            1214441427464                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               101944345000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              580575435000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     26088.83                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  28475.12                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                59563.94                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1250.52                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       514.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1250.52                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               514.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        13.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.16                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.21                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  9102732                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 4490165                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 44.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                53.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      36270.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1764517181                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            11314315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           11314315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           8380341                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           9074554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          9074553                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     49158078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               49158078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1841229376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1841229376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1841229376                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         31905375354                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        63412589942                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        50014217                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     36393910                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        92609                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     37498586                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        30964537                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     82.575212                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         5445741                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           14                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            707475034                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             360594                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        707835628                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           169515539                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            348737                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       169864276                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            876990573                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             709331                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        877699904                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           320047637                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                82                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       320047719                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   17                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               3133574928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    683411975                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3339318728                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            50014217                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     36410278                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             463593944                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       141722372                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     1357562138                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          190                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1385                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            4                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         320047637                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      15505951                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2587084009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.290765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.875309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       2123490065     82.08%     82.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         12187633      0.47%     82.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         20502052      0.79%     83.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          9170349      0.35%     83.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         15299776      0.59%     84.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         10604982      0.41%     84.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6325495      0.24%     84.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          9590296      0.37%     85.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        379913361     14.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2587084009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.015961                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.065658                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        714850019                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    1328283642                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         454395263                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7040847                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       82514237                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      8170431                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           139                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3322146459                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           554                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       82514237                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        792295071                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       771304200                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    198395321                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         384072201                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     358502978                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3112577371                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       6779485                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      151883502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     193607413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2857122522                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4709981201                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1234999140                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   3474982061                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1784004520                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       1073117954                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts     10398631                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts           66                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         795228439                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    745402302                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    171128094                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6013294                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1717717                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2471602165                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           98                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2300848224                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     29819567                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    471574855                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    504552886                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           37                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2587084009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.889360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.362594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1498541804     57.92%     57.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    487092144     18.83%     76.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    281002091     10.86%     87.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    150657294      5.82%     93.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     81437187      3.15%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     62936145      2.43%     99.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     19662035      0.76%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4664139      0.18%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1091170      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2587084009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          250890      0.01%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           8266      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd           384      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp          1238      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             3      0.00%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult    969032946     49.25%     49.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv     985465664     50.08%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        9868485      0.50%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3017597      0.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      5197188      0.23%      0.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     605117157     26.30%     26.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2859938      0.12%     26.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     26.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    339569765     14.76%     41.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      7838341      0.34%     41.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     13873777      0.60%     42.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    240108941     10.44%     52.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv    192374193      8.36%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    724001750     31.47%     92.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    169907174      7.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2300848224                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.734257                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt          1967645473                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.855183                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4358842529                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1019700316                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    848156560                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   4827402966                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   1923482077                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1255538383                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      881214880                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      3382081629                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21412050                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    220181769                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        89649                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         5276                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2651278                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked    177866312                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       82514237                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       232554570                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      21344830                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2483363506                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts    241533310                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     745402302                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    171128094                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           63                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       13859936                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        505127                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         5276                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68969                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        23899                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        92868                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2278428357                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     707835628                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     22419865                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              11761243                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            877699904                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         48076308                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          169864276                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.727102                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2104452520                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2103694943                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1168356833                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1318417476                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.671340                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.886181                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    469816829                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           61                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        92473                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2504569772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.803224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.993424                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1946311016     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    186419157      7.44%     85.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    107659233      4.30%     89.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     50623392      2.02%     91.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     34206144      1.37%     92.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     22681346      0.91%     93.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     18255007      0.73%     94.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8955640      0.36%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    129458837      5.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2504569772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2011729323                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2011729323                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              693697321                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             525220511                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  22                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           47766020                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1241535560                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1225659475                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      5444556                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     129458837                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4854270391                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5045606926                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 4677638                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               546490919                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.566787                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.566787                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.638249                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.638249                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1679565171                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       744927383                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1635381379                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1138893847                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        49121612                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2598638                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              1110                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1110                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008469                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008469                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                 2445341214                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  676593003                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         11376582.424499                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         4891970.160750                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          16268552.585248                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 938                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 937                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 2606973.575693                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 722084.314835                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.783278                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.216722                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            5549.229542                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1      1041180                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2      1040070                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1    121904356                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2    121774394                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  19584310                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 128370.005662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    14083049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  19714177                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.714361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    57564.395798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     2.470013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 70727.468469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         75.671382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.439181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.539608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.979385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7188654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 7188654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         15153645                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total              15153645                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6823445                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               6823445                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      14012099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 14012099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14012099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                14012099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11313972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              11314315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9074554                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             9074554                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     20388526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               20388869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          343                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     20388526                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              20388869                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     26459502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1000852900927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1000879360429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 829935695209                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  829935695209                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     26459502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1830788596136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1830815055638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     26459502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1830788596136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1830815055638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18502626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            18502969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     15153645                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          15153645                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15897999                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          15897999                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     34400625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             34400968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     34400625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            34400968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.611479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.611486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.570799                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.570799                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.592679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.592683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.592679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.592683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77141.405248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88461.673842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88461.330662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91457.463938                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91457.463938                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77141.405248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89795.044337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89794.831466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77141.405248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89795.044337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89794.831466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              8380341                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   8380341                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11313972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         11314315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9074554                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        9074554                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     20388526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          20388869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     20388526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         20388869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     23832156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 914789501777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 914813333933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 762018569645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 762018569645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     23832156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1676808071422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1676831903578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     23832156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1676808071422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1676831903578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.611479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.611486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.570799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.592679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.592683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.592679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.592683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69481.504373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80854.849365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80854.504575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83973.115334                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83973.115334                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69481.504373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82242.731594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82242.516913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69481.504373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82242.731594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82242.516913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  3039359346                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           18502969                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          18502969                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         15153645                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         15897999                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        15897998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     83954894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              83955580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        21952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   3171473216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         3171495168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            3171495168                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        26594013699                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            399612                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       38816889895                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         4133653313                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 19503702.916459                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  19503702.916459                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1187.348774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1320141029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          926414.757193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   105.348774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         1082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.025720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.264160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.289880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    320047081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       320047081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    320047081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        320047081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    320047081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       320047081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          555                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           555                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     38149794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38149794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     38149794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     38149794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     38149794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     38149794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    320047636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    320047636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    320047636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    320047636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    320047636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    320047636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68738.367568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68738.367568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68738.367568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68738.367568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68738.367568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68738.367568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          171                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          171                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          212                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          212                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     26803824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26803824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     26803824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26803824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     26803824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26803824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78145.259475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78145.259475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78145.259475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78145.259475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78145.259475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78145.259475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1246                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           37                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.304199                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.009033                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         2123716900                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         1005503045                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 25494974.742442                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 10179175.995286                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  35674150.737728                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1         1860                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2         1860                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 1141783.279570                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 540593.034946                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.678673                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.321327                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     255.391897                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        68820                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        68820                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1       808617                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1      1440123                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2      2248740                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1      5301000                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2      5301000                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1   434.740323                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          32168752                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          3131.094578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           848418991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          32171602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             26.371674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  3126.137773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     4.956805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.763217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.764427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    489612046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       489612046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    141072704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      141072704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    630684750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        630684750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    630684750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       630684750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     23121477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      23121477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     27404084                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     27404084                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     50525561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       50525561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     50525561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      50525561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1287822359692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1287822359692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1585084176175                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1585084176175                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       158474                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       158474                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2872906535867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2872906535867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2872906535867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2872906535867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    512733523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    512733523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    168476788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    168476788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    681210311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    681210311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    681210311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    681210311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.162658                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.162658                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55698.100934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55698.100934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57841.166162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57841.166162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        79237                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        79237                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56860.457935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56860.457935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56860.457935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56860.457935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    794388895                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs          11503507                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    69.056236                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     15153645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          15153645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4618850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4618850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11506088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     11506088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16124938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     16124938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16124938                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     16124938                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18502627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     18502627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15897996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     15897996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     34400623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     34400623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     34400623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     34400623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1041154590678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1041154590678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 867202557502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 867202557502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       154546                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       154546                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1908357148180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1908357148180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1908357148180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1908357148180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.094363                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094363                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56270.636093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56270.636093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54547.916448                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54547.916448                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        77273                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        77273                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55474.493825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55474.493825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55474.493825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55474.493825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
