
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.601236                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                601235561500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1101273761000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 344301                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   344301                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               69001997                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2208268                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  8713.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       220416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     53927232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           54147648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       220416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        220416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     19087424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        19087424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         3444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       842613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              846057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        298241                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             298241                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       366605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     89694016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              90060621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       366605                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           366605                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        31746998                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             31746998                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        31746998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       366605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     89694016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            121807619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      846057                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     298241                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    846057                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   298241                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   54147648                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                19087424                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             54147648                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             19087424                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    170                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               47894                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               47336                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               45215                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               44639                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               47588                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               51008                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               56240                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               57863                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               58872                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               58065                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              59323                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              59956                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              55168                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              58340                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              50449                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              47931                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               16671                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               16225                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               16401                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               15585                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               17775                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               18746                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               19678                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               19434                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               19867                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               20635                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              21778                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              20778                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              19327                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              22085                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              16963                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              16293                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  601211071500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                846057                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               298241                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  710788                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  128124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    5886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   11667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       139182                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    525.993534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   212.183287                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1147.145330                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        50765     36.47%     36.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        18632     13.39%     49.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        11922      8.57%     58.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         5278      3.79%     62.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         4315      3.10%     65.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         8640      6.21%     71.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         2641      1.90%     73.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2702      1.94%     75.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         3235      2.32%     77.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         2220      1.60%     79.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         3505      2.52%     81.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         3687      2.65%     84.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1343      0.96%     85.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1274      0.92%     86.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961          926      0.67%     87.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          875      0.63%     87.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1581      1.14%     88.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         1036      0.74%     89.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          870      0.63%     90.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         1034      0.74%     90.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         1119      0.80%     91.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1460      1.05%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         3790      2.72%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          495      0.36%     95.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          314      0.23%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          246      0.18%     96.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          175      0.13%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          176      0.13%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          162      0.12%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          128      0.09%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          106      0.08%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          130      0.09%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           72      0.05%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177          129      0.09%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           60      0.04%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           63      0.05%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           58      0.04%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           62      0.04%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           54      0.04%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           63      0.05%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           46      0.03%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           38      0.03%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           50      0.04%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           41      0.03%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           39      0.03%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           56      0.04%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           55      0.04%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           24      0.02%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           41      0.03%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           36      0.03%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           43      0.03%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           22      0.02%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           33      0.02%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           74      0.05%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           32      0.02%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           29      0.02%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           27      0.02%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           33      0.02%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           39      0.03%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           42      0.03%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           28      0.02%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           24      0.02%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           26      0.02%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           28      0.02%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           16      0.01%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           11      0.01%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           15      0.01%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           31      0.02%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           27      0.02%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            7      0.01%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           23      0.02%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           21      0.02%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           21      0.02%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           19      0.01%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801           15      0.01%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           18      0.01%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929           24      0.02%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           12      0.01%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           17      0.01%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           41      0.03%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           12      0.01%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           19      0.01%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313           20      0.01%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           11      0.01%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           11      0.01%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           20      0.01%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            8      0.01%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           13      0.01%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697           31      0.02%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            4      0.00%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            9      0.01%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           11      0.01%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953           11      0.01%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           13      0.01%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            9      0.01%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           11      0.01%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           10      0.01%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           12      0.01%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            5      0.00%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           15      0.01%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465           19      0.01%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            9      0.01%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            7      0.01%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            9      0.01%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           18      0.01%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            9      0.01%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849           13      0.01%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            9      0.01%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977           13      0.01%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041           16      0.01%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105           13      0.01%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            5      0.00%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            6      0.00%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.00%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            8      0.01%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.00%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            4      0.00%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            5      0.00%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            8      0.01%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            6      0.00%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           19      0.01%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           28      0.02%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           56      0.04%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           13      0.01%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            9      0.01%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           44      0.03%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           13      0.01%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         1987      1.43%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8320-8321            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8384-8385            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9024-9025            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       139182                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3269465000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             21228893750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 4229435000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               13729993750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      3865.13                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  16231.48                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25096.61                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        90.06                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        31.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                90.06                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                31.75                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.04                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      11.19                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   755991                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  248955                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     525397.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    121807619                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              621170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             621170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            298241                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            224887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           224887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1990355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1990355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     73235072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            73235072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               73235072                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1765113000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4011695250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        61575109                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     57696591                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      3052632                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     39865919                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        37950826                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     95.196165                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          938089                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         3016                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            583302630                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1016371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        584319001                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           229464424                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            202536                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       229666960                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            812767054                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1218907                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        813985961                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           167270372                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              5530                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       167275902                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   14                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1202482884                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    169183278                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2164377474                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            61575109                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     38888915                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             292719167                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        19911795                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      692863892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          851                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        34024                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         167270372                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        839255                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1171341958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.847776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.294529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        878622791     75.01%     75.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4484907      0.38%     75.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6303112      0.54%     75.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4116976      0.35%     76.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          6852250      0.58%     76.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         13438187      1.15%     78.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          8448249      0.72%     78.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          2957902      0.25%     78.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        246117584     21.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1171341958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.051207                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.799924                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        263990845                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     599636570                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         198628989                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      92556524                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       16529029                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      2891254                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         11738                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2154504617                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         33385                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       16529029                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        292925885                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       258530919                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        10076                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         255986868                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     347359180                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2142139115                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         10420                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       59529259                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     269342062                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1848609509                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3360927066                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    809728055                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   2551199011                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1732015272                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        116594179                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          404                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts           80                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         715070643                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    593531103                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    232027614                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    132132009                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     19194403                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2120169864                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          108                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2073224022                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1509184                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    118099405                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     85732704                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           62                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1171341958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.769956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.623163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    308719844     26.36%     26.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    300490236     25.65%     52.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    208977129     17.84%     69.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    183825447     15.69%     85.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     90046899      7.69%     93.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     45731697      3.90%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     21357653      1.82%     98.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11233236      0.96%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       959817      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1171341958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         6373063      0.57%      0.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       1590829      0.14%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp          1238      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt          6100      0.00%      0.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult    450526406     40.55%     41.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv     364114121     32.77%     74.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt    284447925     25.60%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        2995380      0.27%     99.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1082130      0.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          128      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     448183277     21.62%     21.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187520      0.01%     21.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     21.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    420718508     20.29%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      5727604      0.28%     42.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       574874      0.03%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    322793999     15.57%     57.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     29489983      1.42%     59.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt     28927849      1.40%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    586622628     28.30%     88.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    229997652     11.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2073224022                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.724119                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt          1111137192                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.535947                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2278770144                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    662549408                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    540578807                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   4151666231                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   1575804997                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1521479914                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      557545564                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      2626815522                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     96866180                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     31387299                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        12069                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        86289                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4652115                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        58567                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       16529029                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        61345393                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      13063410                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2123145478                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       693386                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     593531103                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    232027614                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           79                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        8202342                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         76175                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        86289                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1847518                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1710728                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      3558246                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2068706176                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     584321355                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      4517843                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               2975506                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            813988315                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         48653489                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          229666960                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.720362                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2064635191                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2062058721                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1488449207                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1877139996                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.714834                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.792935                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    113994266                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           46                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      3040915                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1154812929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.733998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.784313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    699648948     60.59%     60.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    107962099      9.35%     69.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     54705373      4.74%     74.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     54830821      4.75%     79.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33507768      2.90%     82.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     25504819      2.21%     84.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     25016053      2.17%     86.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     20170267      1.75%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    133466781     11.56%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1154812929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2002442910                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2002442910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              789519272                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             562143784                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  16                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           41279967                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1514954274                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1195537332                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       680125                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     133466781                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3134870544                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4249462051                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  587640                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                31140926                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000005                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.601241                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.601241                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.663225                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.663225                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1461364411                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       485519658                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1790522765                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1300591952                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          816916                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes             96                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.000092                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.000092                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                  894361423                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  315627440                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         2062149.939535                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         845525.999967                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          2907675.939502                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 170                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 170                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 5260949.547059                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2      1856632                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.739148                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.260852                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg             315.311151                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1          510                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2          510                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1      5570050                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2      5570050                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    845857                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32740.680783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    22887666                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    878622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     26.049503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10269.234069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    69.672230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 19968.910782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          2.695948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       2430.167753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.313392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.002126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.609403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.074163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           76                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11483899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                11483975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          7000899                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               7000899                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       191369                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                191369                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            76                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      11675268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 11675344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           76                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     11675268                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                11675344                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       617726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                621170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       224887                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              224887                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       842613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 846057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3444                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       842613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                846057                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    241830000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37848169500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38089999500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14005926250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   14005926250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    241830000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51854095750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      52095925750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    241830000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51854095750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     52095925750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12101625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            12105145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7000899                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           7000899                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       416256                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            416256                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12517881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             12521401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12517881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            12521401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.978409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.051315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.540261                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.540261                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.978409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.067569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.978409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.067569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70217.770035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61270.157805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61319.766731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62279.839430                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62279.839430                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70217.770035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61539.634150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61574.959784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70217.770035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61539.634150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61574.959784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               298241                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    298241                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       617726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           621170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       224887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         224887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       842613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            846057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       842613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           846057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202284000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30755059500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30957343500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11423077750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11423077750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202284000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  42178137250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42380421250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202284000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  42178137250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42380421250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.978409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.051315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.540261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.978409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.067569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.978409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.067569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58735.191638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49787.542535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49837.151665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50794.744694                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50794.744694                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58735.191638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50056.357130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50091.685607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58735.191638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50056.357130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50091.685607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2078099301                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           12105145                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          12105145                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          7000899                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           416256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          416256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     32036661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              32043701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       225280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1249201920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1249427200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1249427200                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        16762049000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           6111997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       18979791750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2202547517                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 4215213.378961                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  4215213.378961                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      53.224000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3520                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           720120357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              4544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          158477.191241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   540.973484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   483.026516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.528294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.471706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    167265489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       167265489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    167265489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        167265489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    167265489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       167265489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          4883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           4883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          4883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    325133747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    325133747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    325133747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    325133747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    325133747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    325133747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    167270372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    167270372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    167270372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    167270372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    167270372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    167270372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66584.834528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66584.834528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66584.834528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66584.834528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66584.834528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66584.834528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           56                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           56                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1363                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1363                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    245766503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    245766503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    245766503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245766503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    245766503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245766503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69820.029261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69820.029261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69820.029261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69820.029261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69820.029261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69820.029261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           26                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.025391                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1          992624917                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          210946370                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 11941141.611535                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 2387699.998888                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  14328841.610423                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          423                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          423                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 2346631.009456                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 498691.182033                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.824733                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.175267                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      10.005060                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1         3737                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1         7261                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        10998                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       422154                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       422154                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1     8.834515                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          12507252                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1002.201376                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           672238088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          12508250                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             53.743576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1002.113001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.088374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.978626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    446545860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       446545860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    224740804                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      224740804                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    671286664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        671286664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    671286664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       671286664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     39836011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      39836011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2634664                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2634664                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     42470675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       42470675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     42470675                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      42470675                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 386446862000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 386446862000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 120137128637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 120137128637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       220500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       220500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 506583990637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 506583990637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 506583990637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 506583990637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    486381871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    486381871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    227375468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    227375468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    713757339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    713757339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    713757339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    713757339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011587                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011587                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.470588                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.470588                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9700.942748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9700.942748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45598.652670                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45598.652670                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27562.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27562.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11927.853528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11927.853528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11927.853528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11927.853528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       343472                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             23854                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.398927                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7000899                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7000899                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     27732040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     27732040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2220762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2220762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     29952802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     29952802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     29952802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     29952802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12103971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12103971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       413902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       413902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12517873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12517873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12517873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12517873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109359711250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 109359711250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15402234647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15402234647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       203500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       203500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 124761945897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 124761945897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 124761945897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 124761945897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001820                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001820                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.470588                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.470588                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9035.027534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9035.027534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37212.274033                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37212.274033                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9966.704878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9966.704878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9966.704878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9966.704878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
