
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.626345                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                626344808500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1127411708000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 176838                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   176838                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36920591                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2336548                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 16964.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst         1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     78601728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           78603072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         1344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          1344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     54968320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        54968320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1228152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1228173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        858880                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             858880                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         2146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    125492743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             125494889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         2146                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             2146                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        87760478                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             87760478                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        87760478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         2146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    125492743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            213255367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1228173                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     858880                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1228173                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   858880                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   78603072                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                54968320                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             78603072                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             54968320                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    737                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               74840                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               74958                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               75896                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               76630                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               74686                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               83686                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               82171                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               81418                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               78705                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               78529                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              79280                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              81450                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              74354                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              71492                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              70298                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              69043                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               52158                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               52401                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               54200                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               54248                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               52486                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               57616                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               56904                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               56705                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               55497                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               54856                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              55234                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              57037                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              51663                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              49719                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              49394                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              48762                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  623697097500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1228173                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               858880                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1091968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   97892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   25756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   11818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   34407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   37289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   37343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   37343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   37343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   37343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   37343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   37343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   37343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   37343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  37343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  37343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  37343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  37343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  37342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  37342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  37342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  37342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  37342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  37342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  37342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  37342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  37342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       893989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    149.299233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.366342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   423.691709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       670693     75.02%     75.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        99935     11.18%     86.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        33340      3.73%     89.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        19923      2.23%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        12633      1.41%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         9133      1.02%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         6656      0.74%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         6804      0.76%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         3593      0.40%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         2694      0.30%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         2489      0.28%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         2103      0.24%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1713      0.19%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1394      0.16%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1293      0.14%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1160      0.13%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1056      0.12%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          949      0.11%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          881      0.10%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          860      0.10%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          975      0.11%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1257      0.14%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         5321      0.60%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         1539      0.17%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          938      0.10%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          555      0.06%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          352      0.04%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          265      0.03%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          209      0.02%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          130      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          111      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          101      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           87      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           89      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           77      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           59      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           62      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           62      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           41      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           37      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           31      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           34      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           33      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           27      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           32      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           35      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           31      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           27      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           25      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           13      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           10      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           21      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           13      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           17      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           17      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           13      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            7      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           14      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           18      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           11      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            8      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           15      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            7      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            8      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            8      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            7      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            9      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            8      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           21      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            7      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            5      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            9      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            9      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            7      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            5      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            8      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            5      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            8      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            7      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            7      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           12      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           10      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            7      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            9      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           10      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            9      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            5      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            4      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            5      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825           10      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            5      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            7      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            3      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            4      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           11      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            7      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            8      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            5      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            5      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            3      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529           10      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            5      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            3      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            8      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            6      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            5      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            6      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            8      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            4      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            8      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            8      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            4      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            6      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            3      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            6      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            3      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            5      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            6      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            4      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            5      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            8      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           12      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           14      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            7      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           20      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           16      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         1482      0.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8320-8321            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8768-8769            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8832-8833            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       893989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  19216796750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             52899406750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 6137180000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               27545430000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15656.05                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  22441.44                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43097.49                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       125.49                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        87.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               125.49                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                87.76                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.08                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.89                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   801063                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  391250                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 65.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                45.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     298841.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    213255367                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              614274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             614274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            858880                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            613899                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           613899                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3315226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3315226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    133571392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           133571392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              133571392                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          4479046500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5825074250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       341215734                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    288058607                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     16054857                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    185121963                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       183124569                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.921039                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        12476372                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           35                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            691462849                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            7543132                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        699005981                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           181990097                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           8415682                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       190405779                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            873452946                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           15958814                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        889411760                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           349957779                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              9431                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       349967210                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1252689617                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    361993372                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3273730443                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           341215734                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    195600941                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             542053447                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       133670756                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      209483843                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           94                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        27697                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         349957779                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       6324204                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1225380829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.671602                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.395284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        683327382     55.76%     55.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         41502788      3.39%     59.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         23548987      1.92%     61.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         29706819      2.42%     63.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         64813612      5.29%     68.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         37856409      3.09%     71.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         36326186      2.96%     74.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         36873553      3.01%     77.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        271425093     22.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1225380829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.272386                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.613361                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        401695253                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     182118924                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         501550401                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      28194081                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      111822169                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     39746476                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3200111044                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           720                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      111822169                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        427737579                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       100279358                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles         4257                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         502490647                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      83046818                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3121734045                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65118                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        8517895                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      65026466                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2545015470                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4286620315                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4286598989                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        21326                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1642742419                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        902273017                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          199                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         214850338                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    763501293                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    245105845                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    100548616                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     64536708                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2991821166                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2717596860                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      5656384                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    987495464                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    513017549                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1225380829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.217757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.052906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    380961080     31.09%     31.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    158445095     12.93%     44.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    172235992     14.06%     58.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    176581240     14.41%     72.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    131118382     10.70%     83.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    107655975      8.79%     91.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     71020683      5.80%     97.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     22840496      1.86%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4521886      0.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1225380829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         2570954     22.68%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     22.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        8292156     73.14%     95.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        474527      4.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           84      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1806097454     66.46%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         1310      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd          342      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          446      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            8      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv           50      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    717084278     26.39%     92.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    194412888      7.15%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2717596860                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.169410                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            11337637                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.004172                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6677556858                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   3979346664                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2622361937                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        11707                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        15098                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         4120                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2728928177                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses            6236                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     51873786                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    246659271                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       139648                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        46469                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     90205190                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          651                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       720613                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      111822169                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        69634387                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        692047                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2997372568                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     12412265                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     763501293                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    245105845                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         315462                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          9369                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        46469                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      8632731                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     10304675                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     18937406                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2674342076                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     699006035                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     43254779                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               5551402                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            889411826                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        265217165                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          190405791                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.134880                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2649925824                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2622366057                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1781204347                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        2256996006                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.093389                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.789193                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    817910832                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     16054650                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1113558660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.800337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.640964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    547640640     49.18%     49.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    187154966     16.81%     65.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    111141433      9.98%     75.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     68025261      6.11%     82.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25413769      2.28%     84.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     16028894      1.44%     85.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     19650636      1.76%     87.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     16460113      1.48%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    122042948     10.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1113558660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2004781352                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2004781352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              671742670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             516842016                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                   0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          210045741                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                650                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1984437640                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      7766450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     122042948                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3744718528                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5757359899                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  390871                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                27308788                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.626345                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.626345                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.596565                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.596565                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3635024397                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      2195490437                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads              4018                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              683                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads              84                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes             42                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1               241                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               241                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.007355                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.007355                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                  714147077                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  543010561                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         2362462.345840                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         1864704.899399                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          4227167.245239                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 379                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 378                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 1884293.079156                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 1436535.875661                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.568065                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.431935                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            1895.469344                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        91339                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        91098                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1     12327733                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2     12295206                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1222093                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32316.704389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    22818199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1254615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     18.187411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    18598.847984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.325617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 13536.013265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        181.517522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.567592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.413086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.005539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.986228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14445770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                14445770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          7360153                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               7360153                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3197626                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3197626                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      17643396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 17643396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     17643396                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                17643396                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       614253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                614274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       613899                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              613899                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1228152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1228173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1228152                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1228173                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1537250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43754031000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43755568250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50274872500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   50274872500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1537250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  94028903500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      94030440750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1537250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  94028903500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     94030440750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15060023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            15060044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7360153                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           7360153                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3811525                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3811525                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18871548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             18871569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18871548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            18871569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.040788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.161064                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.161064                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.065081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.065081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73202.380952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71231.285806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71231.353191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81894.371061                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81894.371061                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73202.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76561.291681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76561.234248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73202.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76561.291681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76561.234248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               858880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    858880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       614253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           614274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       613899                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         613899                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1228152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1228173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1228152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1228173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1295750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36699471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36700766750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43223179500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43223179500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1295750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79922650500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  79923946250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1295750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79922650500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  79923946250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.040788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.161064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.161064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.065081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.065081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61702.380952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59746.506733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59746.573597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70407.639530                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70407.639530                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61702.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65075.536660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65075.478984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61702.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65075.536660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65075.478984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2680361017                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           15060044                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          15060044                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          7360153                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3811525                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3811525                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     45103249                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              45103291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1678828864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1678830208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1678830208                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20476014000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             36750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       28601115750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2254823414                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 9123399.270792                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  9123399.270792                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           750.247924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1352089661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1790847.233113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    17.973721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   732.274203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.017552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.715112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.732664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    349957755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       349957755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    349957755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        349957755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    349957755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       349957755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total             24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total            24                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    349957779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    349957779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    349957779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    349957779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    349957779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    349957779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        73875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        73875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        73875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        73875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        73875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        73875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1558250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1558250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1558250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1558250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1558250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1558250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74202.380952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74202.380952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74202.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74202.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74202.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74202.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           82                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.080078                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.002930                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1          985278622                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          268308329                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 13883632.193749                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 3593591.990862                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  17477224.184611                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          752                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          752                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 1310210.933511                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 356792.990691                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.785968                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.214032                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      62.880720                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1         2256                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2         2256                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1        18709                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1        40699                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        59408                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       708384                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       708384                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1    24.878989                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          18817581                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           957.164509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           768354760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          18818523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             40.829706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   955.843955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     1.320554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.933441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.934731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    617486717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       617486717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    148229181                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      148229181                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    765715898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        765715898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    765715898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       765715898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21384479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      21384479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6671473                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6671473                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     28055952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       28055952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     28055952                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      28055952                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 295761416000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 295761416000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 189608073776                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 189608073776                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 485369489776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 485369489776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 485369489776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 485369489776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    638871196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    638871196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    154900654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    154900654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    793771850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    793771850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    793771850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    793771850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.043069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13830.658021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13830.658021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28420.721147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28420.721147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17300.054184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17300.054184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17300.054184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17300.054184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4535895                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3633                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            267689                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              98                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.944645                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    37.071429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7360153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7360153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6324366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6324366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2860038                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2860038                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9184404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9184404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9184404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9184404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15060113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15060113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3811435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3811435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18871548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18871548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18871548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18871548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92434162000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  92434162000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  61019979389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  61019979389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 153454141389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 153454141389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 153454141389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 153454141389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024606                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024606                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6137.680507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6137.680507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16009.712717                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16009.712717                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8131.507886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8131.507886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8131.507886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8131.507886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
