
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.814293                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                814292857500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1314345362000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 304869                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   304869                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               82751011                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2335328                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9840.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000004                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1042187648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1042261888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         74240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    330288192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       330288192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     16284182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            16285342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       5160753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            5160753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        91171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1279868340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1279959511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        91171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            91171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       405613520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            405613520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       405613520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        91171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1279868340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1685573031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    16285342                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    5160753                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  16285342                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  5160753                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1042261888                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               330288192                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1042261888                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            330288192                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    495                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1037845                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1036078                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1028835                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1024274                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1016472                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1007727                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1003115                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1002529                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1000271                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1002019                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1007168                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1016903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1019477                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1025854                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1025383                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1030897                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              326815                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              325386                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              324026                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              325476                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              324843                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              321626                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              320765                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              321245                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              319527                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              320163                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             319223                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             323124                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             320910                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             322741                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             320690                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             324193                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  814292425000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              16285342                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              5160753                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 7057551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 4956829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 3154696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                 1115726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  193197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  223541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  224352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 224380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  31184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      4981934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    275.493050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   118.788986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   682.613446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65      3402966     68.31%     68.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       316556      6.35%     74.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193       136676      2.74%     77.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257       101730      2.04%     79.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        86725      1.74%     81.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        79178      1.59%     82.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        66575      1.34%     84.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        75602      1.52%     85.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        44510      0.89%     86.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        40089      0.80%     87.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        84955      1.71%     89.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        80691      1.62%     90.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        25279      0.51%     91.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        21355      0.43%     91.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        74088      1.49%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025       154826      3.11%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         6551      0.13%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         6049      0.12%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         5834      0.12%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         6759      0.14%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         5329      0.11%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         7170      0.14%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        87339      1.75%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         2300      0.05%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         1004      0.02%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          779      0.02%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          709      0.01%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          599      0.01%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          646      0.01%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          663      0.01%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         4852      0.10%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         1121      0.02%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          614      0.01%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177          598      0.01%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241          630      0.01%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          723      0.01%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369          704      0.01%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433          669      0.01%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          855      0.02%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561         2190      0.04%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625         2106      0.04%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          600      0.01%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          519      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          634      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          746      0.01%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          704      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          570      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          558      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          404      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          538      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          396      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          367      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          393      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          401      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          493      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          374      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          408      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          409      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          407      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          311      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          348      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          294      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          402      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          575      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          378      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225          347      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          308      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          347      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          359      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          231      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          205      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          168      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          195      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          191      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          178      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          169      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          185      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          182      0.00%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          284      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          169      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          498      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          399      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          175      0.00%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          173      0.00%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          268      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          236      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          164      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          156      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          185      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          172      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          157      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          158      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          187      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          535      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          485      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          148      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          141      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273          140      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          207      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          218      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          313      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          189      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          198      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          209      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          216      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          196      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          236      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          217      0.00%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          256      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          525      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          246      0.00%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          211      0.00%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          160      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          132      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          117      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          105      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          118      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          133      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          128      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          116      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          133      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          160      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          157      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          141      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          177      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065          114      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129          108      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        18740      0.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8320-8321            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8384-8385            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8704-8705            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8768-8769            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8832-8833            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8896-8897            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9024-9025            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9088-9089            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9280-9281            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9600-9601            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9664-9665            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9728-9729            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      4981934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 224214729750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            638315856000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                81424235000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              332676891250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13768.30                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  20428.62                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                39196.92                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1279.96                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       405.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1279.96                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               405.61                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        13.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.78                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.61                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 12148616                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 4315037                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 74.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      37969.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1685573031                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            12280104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           12280104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           5160753                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4005238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4005238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     37731437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               37731437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1372550080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1372550080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1372550080                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         31366059500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        77159300500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        70338783                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     69971104                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       505665                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     69689682                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        69413452                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.603629                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS            1323                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           80                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            692790644                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1116035                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        693906679                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           107406805                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            158515                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       107565320                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            800197449                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1274550                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        801471999                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           214462171                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               123                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       214462294                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1628612427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    224086518                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2436128230                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            70338783                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     69414775                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             351965275                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        47188939                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      720571644                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           78                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2355                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           87                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         214462171                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       5051104                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1328129377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.834255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.233161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        976164102     73.50%     73.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         12019622      0.91%     74.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         13617231      1.03%     75.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          8051501      0.61%     76.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         31481566      2.37%     78.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          8037197      0.61%     79.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          9807940      0.74%     79.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3841990      0.29%     80.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        265108228     19.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1328129377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.043189                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.495831                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        299312951                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     655704443                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         282190581                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      59418571                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       31502830                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       361766                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           602                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2367148657                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          2165                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       31502830                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        334464185                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       464897014                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        53934                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         300049606                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     197161807                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2296344528                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       4249194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       13374788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     164255071                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2101721250                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3607623809                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2351871020                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   1255752789                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1834106825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        267614375                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1083                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          872                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         490529926                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    715587665                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    120561690                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13370036                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     11691168                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2196365940                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1562                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2116762348                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7813141                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    196355636                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    216658086                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          313                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1328129377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.593792                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.782359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    568244105     42.79%     42.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    180116531     13.56%     56.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    189943634     14.30%     70.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    156839408     11.81%     82.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    128752171      9.69%     92.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     65885984      4.96%     97.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     27346110      2.06%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10286411      0.77%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       715023      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1328129377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            7471      0.01%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult        4889429      6.32%      6.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      6.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        758539      0.98%      7.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      7.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      7.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     37229802     48.12%     55.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv      15588039     20.15%     75.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt      7941238     10.26%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       10611377     13.72%     99.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        338185      0.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            2      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     773081853     36.52%     36.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    210666488      9.95%     46.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     46.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    152810614      7.22%     53.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            8      0.00%     53.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        21713      0.00%     53.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    146340437      6.91%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     14806078      0.70%     61.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt      1598156      0.08%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    709829509     33.53%     94.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    107607490      5.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2116762348                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.299734                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            77364080                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.036548                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4218929320                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1539382320                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1402676790                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   1427901969                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    853343171                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    635180066                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1448600603                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       745525823                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9693642                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     77112252                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4957                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2390                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     13597002                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     46749788                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       31502830                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       293960082                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       9803965                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2197161838                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      4960739                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     715587665                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    120561690                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          865                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3224574                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       1145727                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         2390                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       507657                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6250                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       513907                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2087291612                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     693906689                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     29470731                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                794336                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            801472012                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         60708368                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          107565323                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.281638                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2039429464                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2037856856                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1401737498                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1605561432                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.251284                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.873051                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    191773312                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1249                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       505075                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1296626547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.543027                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.774310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    869355063     67.05%     67.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    112326013      8.66%     75.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     33110095      2.55%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     38500952      2.97%     81.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     26458933      2.04%     83.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     23500453      1.81%     85.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     21893023      1.69%     86.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     19872076      1.53%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    151609939     11.69%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1296626547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2000729238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2000729238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              745440075                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             638475390                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           58929454                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          630739835                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1689204963                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls          970                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     151609939                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3333850324                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4416512491                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 4375982                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               300483050                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000003                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.814306                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.814306                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.228039                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.228039                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2555295685                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1313299443                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         702494325                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        556742379                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads            1435                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           1249                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 2628690596                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         5104497.611540                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          5104497.611540                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            5037.425790                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  16285415                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32490.518896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7534546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  16317968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.461733                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6706.243239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     1.866393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 25712.129048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         70.280216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.204658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.784672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.002145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.991532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4286609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 4286620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          7134555                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               7134555                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1145493                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1145493                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       5432102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  5432113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5432102                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 5432113                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12278944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              12280104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4005238                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4005238                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     16284182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16285342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     16284182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16285342                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75461250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 894580364750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    894655826000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 289120950500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  289120950500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75461250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1183701315250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1183776776500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75461250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1183701315250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1183776776500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16565553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            16566724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7134555                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           7134555                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5150731                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           5150731                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21716284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             21717455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21716284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            21717455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.741251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.777606                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.777606                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.749860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.749873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.749860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.749873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65052.801724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72854.828945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72854.091952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72185.710437                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72185.710437                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65052.801724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72690.253354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72689.709341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65052.801724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72690.253354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72689.709341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              5160753                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   5160753                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12278944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         12280104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4005238                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4005238                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16284182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          16285342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16284182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         16285342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62138750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 753645960250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 753708099000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 243179392500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 243179392500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62138750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 996825352750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 996887491500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62138750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 996825352750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 996887491500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.741251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.777606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.749860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.749873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.749860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.749873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53567.887931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61377.098898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61376.361226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60715.341385                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60715.341385                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53567.887931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61214.333809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61213.789155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53567.887931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61214.333809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61213.789155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2267646858                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           16566724                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          16566724                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          7134555                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          5150731                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         5150731                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     50567123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              50569465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        74944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1846453696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1846528640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1846528640                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        21560560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2037750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       36447266750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2628690722                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 5591028.788361                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  5591028.788361                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              1171                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           781714156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          356134.011845                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   430.992436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   593.007564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.420891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.579109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    214460431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       214460431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    214460431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        214460431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    214460431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       214460431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    108533747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108533747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    108533747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    108533747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    108533747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    108533747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    214462171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    214462171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    214462171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    214462171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    214462171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    214462171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62375.716667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62375.716667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62375.716667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62375.716667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62375.716667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62375.716667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          850                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    60.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          569                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76669997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76669997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76669997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76669997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76669997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76669997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65473.951324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65473.951324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65473.951324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65473.951324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65473.951324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65473.951324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2628690724                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 19382732.053365                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  19382732.053365                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          21716284                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           682153094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          21717308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             31.410573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1023.820642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.179358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    597875187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       597875187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     82384640                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       82384640                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    680259827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        680259827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    680259827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       680259827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     38647493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      38647493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     24579421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     24579421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     63226914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       63226914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     63226914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      63226914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2174547975250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2174547975250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1467554572420                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1467554572420                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      2063750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2063750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3642102547670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3642102547670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3642102547670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3642102547670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    636522680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    636522680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    106964061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    106964061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          630                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          630                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    743486741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    743486741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    743486741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    743486741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.229791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.229791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.033333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56266.210469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56266.210469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59706.637208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59706.637208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98273.809524                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98273.809524                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57603.674088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57603.674088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57603.674088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57603.674088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    194726335                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           3513098                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    55.428666                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7134555                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7134555                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     22081961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     22081961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19428690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     19428690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     41510651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     41510651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     41510651                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     41510651                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16565532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     16565532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5150731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      5150731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21716263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21716263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21716263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21716263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 920932443250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 920932443250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 296652765560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 296652765560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      2013250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2013250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1217585208810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1217585208810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1217585208810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1217585208810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048154                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048154                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55593.291133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55593.291133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57594.303713                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57594.303713                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95869.047619                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95869.047619                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56067.897539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56067.897539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56067.897539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56067.897539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
