
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.616820                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                616819740489                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               950021342019                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 199588                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   199588                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               41036599                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2360012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15030.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       470592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     40710656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           41181248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       470592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        470592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     31067712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        31067712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       636104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              643457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        485433                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             485433                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       762933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     66000897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              66763830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       762933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           762933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        50367571                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             50367571                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        50367571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       762933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     66000897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            117131400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      643457                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     485433                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    643457                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   485433                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   41181248                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                31067712                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             41181248                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             31067712                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               40305                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               40682                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               41072                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               39660                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               41270                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               41620                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               41065                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               39829                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               38411                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               38567                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              38105                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              39090                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              40668                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              41540                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              41274                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              40292                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               30790                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               30545                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               30889                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               30122                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               31144                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               31048                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               30749                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               30176                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               28849                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               29157                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              28967                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              29756                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              31116                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              31020                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              30676                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              30429                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                        46                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  616817817747                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                643457                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               485433                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  453177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  114216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   48003                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   28037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   16220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   20757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   21028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   21037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   21042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   21047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   21049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   21053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   21056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   21106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  21106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  21106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  21106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  21106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  21106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  21106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  21106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  21106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  21105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  21105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  21105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  21105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  21105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   4886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       485634                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    148.768233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    98.404577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   254.651622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       313396     64.53%     64.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        83174     17.13%     81.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        31225      6.43%     88.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        15780      3.25%     91.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         9332      1.92%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         5803      1.19%     94.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         4124      0.85%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2994      0.62%     95.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         2060      0.42%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         1559      0.32%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         1324      0.27%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         1205      0.25%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1031      0.21%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897          942      0.19%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961          955      0.20%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1160      0.24%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          858      0.18%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          839      0.17%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          720      0.15%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         1116      0.23%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          662      0.14%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          574      0.12%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          495      0.10%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         1182      0.24%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          409      0.08%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          297      0.06%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          269      0.06%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          394      0.08%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          190      0.04%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          230      0.05%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          136      0.03%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          236      0.05%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          135      0.03%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           97      0.02%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           70      0.01%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          143      0.03%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           49      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           46      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           50      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           58      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           26      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           30      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           14      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           33      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           17      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           15      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            8      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            9      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            6      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            5      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           13      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            9      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            5      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            5      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            5      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            5      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            6      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            5      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           27      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       485634                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  18514247132                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             33216817132                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3217250000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               11485320000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     28773.40                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  17849.59                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                51623.00                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        66.76                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        50.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                66.76                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                50.37                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.74                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   453727                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  189504                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 70.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                39.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     546393.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    117131400                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              260658                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             260658                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            485433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            382799                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           382799                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1772347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1772347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     72248960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            72248960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               72248960                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1669136387                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2020747412                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       500076612                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    354076094                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     31418187                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    341543661                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       252804752                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     74.018283                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        47773320                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       958877                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            782440330                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses           14560680                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                 89663                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        797001010                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           415239606                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           2976069                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                  972                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       418215675                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1197679936                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           17536749                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                 90635                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1215216685                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           481439217                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses           1353178                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       482792395                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 1471                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1852311533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    964400208                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3278455542                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           500076612                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    300578072                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             619701209                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       150380902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      116960928                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       177530                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     13740854                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          466                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         481439217                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      23383002                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1826049001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.795382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.898143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1206347792     66.06%     66.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         56520253      3.10%     69.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         62742192      3.44%     72.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         59301510      3.25%     75.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         70002783      3.83%     79.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         56198580      3.08%     82.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         65276861      3.57%     86.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         31391063      1.72%     88.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        218267967     11.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1826049001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.269974                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.769927                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        999113496                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     113324234                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         603975852                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1142245                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      108493173                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     65369471                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred       2619706                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3188978663                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       9465897                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      108493173                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       1017066212                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        30201028                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     70127925                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         586675024                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      13485638                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3106026150                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          5138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         273070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      10896222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2125831715                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3845883722                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3819694092                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     26189630                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1397224081                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        728607623                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2209067                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1734338                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          34708717                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    973765673                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    466124867                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     40856086                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     10687622                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2887374702                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3179233                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2532543908                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7332697                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    878602859                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    564585540                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       515306                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1826049001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.386898                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.644868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    797351399     43.67%     43.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    347090131     19.01%     62.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    267869785     14.67%     77.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    165532901      9.07%     86.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    139647939      7.65%     94.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     69155975      3.79%     97.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     28291414      1.55%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      9880267      0.54%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1229190      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1826049001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1218374      2.26%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       28737586     53.22%     55.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      24044227     44.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          138      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1252993695     49.48%     49.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       443492      0.02%     49.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     49.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3216143      0.13%     49.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      1287659      0.05%     49.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       582806      0.02%     49.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult       128225      0.01%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       128314      0.01%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    851024530     33.60%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    422738906     16.69%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2532543908                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.367234                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            54000187                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.021323                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6925284834                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   3746693397                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2397664416                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27184867                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     22651380                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12579741                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2572812224                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        13731733                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     76782311                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    303862693                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses      1535861                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       192331                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    153304365                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          129                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1143349                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      108493173                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        20558530                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        491260                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2954388281                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      8009422                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     973765673                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    466124867                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1725418                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         386474                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         33086                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       192331                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     25261475                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      6752720                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     32014195                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2456586072                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     797311520                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     75957836                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              63834346                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1215721473                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        374444596                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          418409953                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.326227                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2434305565                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2410244157                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1279646278                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1763693238                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.301209                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.725549                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    742573313                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2663927                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     28843554                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1717555828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.191251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.090817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1006846258     58.62%     58.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    310873281     18.10%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    131771782      7.67%     84.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     59320302      3.45%     87.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     51160946      2.98%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     32599501      1.90%     92.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     24515118      1.43%     94.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     24818184      1.44%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     75650456      4.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1717555828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2046040684                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2046040684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              982723480                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             669902978                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars             1331228                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          320071823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            9094135                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1970277568                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     30290140                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      75650456                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4337510362                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5685777842                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  139182                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                26262532                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.926156                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.926156                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.079732                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.079732                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3115246407                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1658215091                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          11216067                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          7435626                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         3098933                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2662525                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 2852911204                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         1001763.086054                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          1001763.086054                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg           19638.771150                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    643456                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 130211.869404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2145207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    773515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.773323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    73621.896080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   914.736005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 50311.019535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         99.227053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       5264.990732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.561690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.006979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.383843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.040169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.993438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        15945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       905892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  921837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1023028                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1023028                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       180203                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                180203                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         15945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       1086095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1102040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        15945                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1086095                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1102040                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       253305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                260658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       382799                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              382799                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       636104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 643457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       636104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                643457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    687074742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  21630421816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22317496558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30405646039                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   30405646039                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    687074742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52036067855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      52723142597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    687074742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52036067855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     52723142597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        23298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1159197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1182495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1023028                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1023028                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       563002                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            563002                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        23298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1722199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1745497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        23298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1722199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1745497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.315606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.218518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.220431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.679925                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.679925                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.315606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.369356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.368638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.315606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.369356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.368638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93441.417381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85392.794520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85619.841164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79429.794851                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79429.794851                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93441.417381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81804.339943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81937.320749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93441.417381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81804.339943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81937.320749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               485433                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    485433                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       253305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           260658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       382799                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         382799                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       636104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            643457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       636104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           643457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    631163034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19739312372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20370475406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27454087643                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27454087643                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    631163034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47193400015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  47824563049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    631163034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47193400015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  47824563049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.315606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.218518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.220431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.679925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.315606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.369356                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.368638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.315606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.369356                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.368638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85837.485924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77927.053836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78150.202204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71719.329578                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71719.329578                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85837.485924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74191.327228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74324.411808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85837.485924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74191.327228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74324.411808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   287256695                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1182495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1182495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1023028                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           563002                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          563002                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        46596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4467426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4514022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1491072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    175694528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          177185600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             177185600                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1603286535                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          24702258                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1840841800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2852916942                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 29338905.257578                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  29338905.257578                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             23296                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          4095.919358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1323338877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             27392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          48311.144750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      358783830377                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  2483.065486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1612.853872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.606217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.393763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481413309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       481413309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481413309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        481413309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481413309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       481413309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        25895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         25895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        25895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          25895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        25895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         25895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    989780965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    989780965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    989780965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    989780965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    989780965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    989780965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    481439204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    481439204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    481439204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    481439204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    481439204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    481439204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38222.860205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38222.860205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38222.860205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38222.860205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38222.860205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38222.860205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        22960                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                75                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   306.133333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2597                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2597                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    752903358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    752903358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    752903358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    752903358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    752903358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    752903358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32316.222766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32316.222766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32316.222766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32316.222766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32316.222766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32316.222766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2852916940                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 61999157.943261                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  61999157.943261                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1722199                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 4096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1124117429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1726295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            651.173426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  4042.544790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    53.455210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.986949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.013051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    700500846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       700500846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    308457594                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      308457594                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1453749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1453749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1008958440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1008958440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1008958440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1008958440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2605250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2605250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3031679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3031679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5636929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        5636929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5636929                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       5636929                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79763934168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79763934168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 168928196788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 168928196788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        49950                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        49950                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 248692130956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 248692130956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 248692130956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 248692130956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    703106096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    703106096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    311489273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    311489273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1453759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1453759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1014595369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1014595369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1014595369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1014595369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000007                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30616.614209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30616.614209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55721.003704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55721.003704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         4995                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4995                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44118.372070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44118.372070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44118.372070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44118.372070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      9347516                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         4711                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             71501                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   130.732661                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   314.066667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1023028                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1023028                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1444787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1444787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2469953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2469953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3914740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3914740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3914740                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3914740                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1160463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1160463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       561726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       561726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1722189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1722189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1722189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1722189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25244216075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25244216075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31495624992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31495624992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        36630                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        36630                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56739841067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  56739841067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56739841067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  56739841067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001803                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001803                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21753.572561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21753.572561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56069.373666                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56069.373666                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32946.349714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32946.349714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32946.349714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32946.349714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
