
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.517112                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                517111609000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1017112153000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 364878                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   364878                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               62894294                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2211800                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  8221.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000008                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       112640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     70373440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           70486080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       112640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        112640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     22134976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        22134976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1760                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1099585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1101345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        345859                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             345859                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       217825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    136089461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             136307286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       217825                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           217825                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        42805026                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             42805026                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        42805026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       217825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    136089461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            179112312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1101345                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     345859                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1101345                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   345859                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   70486080                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                22134976                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             70486080                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             22134976                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    147                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               69351                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               69528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               69282                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               69220                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               69271                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               69230                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               69212                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               68857                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               68645                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               68779                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              68359                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              67544                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              67868                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              68502                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              68912                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              68638                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               21852                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               21829                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               21969                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               21885                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               21613                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               21853                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               21999                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               21781                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               21648                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               21576                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              21324                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              20630                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              21067                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              21539                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              21644                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              21650                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  517110298000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1101345                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               345859                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  872088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  125874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   82776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   20448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   13268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   15016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   15038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   15038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   15038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   15038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   15038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   15038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       179382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    516.103689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.448098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1283.988737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        91691     51.11%     51.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        22807     12.71%     63.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         8990      5.01%     68.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         5083      2.83%     71.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         4123      2.30%     73.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         4668      2.60%     76.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         3208      1.79%     78.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2174      1.21%     79.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         1807      1.01%     80.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         1702      0.95%     81.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         1464      0.82%     82.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         2402      1.34%     83.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         2186      1.22%     84.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1853      1.03%     85.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1068      0.60%     86.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          978      0.55%     87.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          752      0.42%     87.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          626      0.35%     87.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          916      0.51%     88.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         3109      1.73%     90.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         3448      1.92%     92.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1580      0.88%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         4137      2.31%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          782      0.44%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          204      0.11%     95.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          156      0.09%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          153      0.09%     95.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          156      0.09%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           97      0.05%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          111      0.06%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          102      0.06%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          118      0.07%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           93      0.05%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           73      0.04%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           72      0.04%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          106      0.06%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           65      0.04%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           49      0.03%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          203      0.11%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           61      0.03%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           58      0.03%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           45      0.03%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           44      0.02%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           44      0.02%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           48      0.03%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           35      0.02%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           31      0.02%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           36      0.02%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           40      0.02%     96.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           33      0.02%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           30      0.02%     96.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          369      0.21%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          406      0.23%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           22      0.01%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           21      0.01%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           31      0.02%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           10      0.01%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           25      0.01%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           26      0.01%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           35      0.02%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           29      0.02%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           53      0.03%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           15      0.01%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           21      0.01%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           27      0.02%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           20      0.01%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           11      0.01%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           10      0.01%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           16      0.01%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           15      0.01%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           10      0.01%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           15      0.01%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           21      0.01%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           13      0.01%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801           11      0.01%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           12      0.01%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929           16      0.01%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            6      0.00%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           15      0.01%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           13      0.01%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           14      0.01%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           11      0.01%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313           13      0.01%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           16      0.01%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           13      0.01%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           15      0.01%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            7      0.00%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           12      0.01%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697           14      0.01%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            7      0.00%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825           13      0.01%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           15      0.01%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953           16      0.01%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            9      0.01%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           11      0.01%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           13      0.01%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           16      0.01%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           19      0.01%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337           26      0.01%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           16      0.01%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465           11      0.01%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529           11      0.01%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           10      0.01%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            9      0.01%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           17      0.01%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           12      0.01%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849           11      0.01%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913           16      0.01%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            6      0.00%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041           10      0.01%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            7      0.00%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           10      0.01%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            4      0.00%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297           11      0.01%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           12      0.01%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           12      0.01%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            8      0.00%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            5      0.00%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            9      0.01%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            9      0.01%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            7      0.00%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            4      0.00%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           11      0.01%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           10      0.01%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            4      0.00%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            8      0.00%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           20      0.01%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         3729      2.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9088-9089            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       179382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   7347767000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             28055069500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5505990000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               15201312500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      6672.52                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  13804.34                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25476.86                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       136.31                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        42.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               136.31                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                42.81                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.70                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   995243                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  272424                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     357316.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    179112312                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              919328                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             919328                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            345859                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            182017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           182017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2548549                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2548549                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     92621056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            92621056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               92621056                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          2107038000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5225841750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       336620098                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    250569739                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      8325319                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    226934365                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       203277159                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.575309                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        20951156                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        31798                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            411092873                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1042408                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        412135281                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           219760141                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            130344                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       219890485                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            630853014                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1172752                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        632025766                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           299235322                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses             59720                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    2                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       299295042                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  925                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1034223219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    304013797                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2327029467                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           336620098                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    224228315                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             448352016                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33248945                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      236506690                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          610                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       431354                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          218                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         299235322                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       3111194                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1014017151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.294862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.122977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        565665135     55.78%     55.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         53464591      5.27%     61.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         55702624      5.49%     66.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         31068727      3.06%     69.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         54769801      5.40%     75.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         30620367      3.02%     78.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         26626476      2.63%     80.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         31781888      3.13%     83.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        164317542     16.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1014017151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.325481                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.250026                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        331953205                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     214267300                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         418228293                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      25705579                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       23862773                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     60213762                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        849795                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2297487757                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       2123549                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       23862773                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        351554729                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        55008429                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     78451931                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         424669893                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      80469395                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2273614908                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         31153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       27726220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      35523227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1666174984                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3025313779                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2598783358                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    426530421                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1508517903                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        157657046                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      5268253                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       833657                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         178992765                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    420644615                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    224834474                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     12179112                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4565812                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2157683978                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1640373                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2097221795                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       378688                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    156916055                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    106387739                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        10300                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1014017151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.068231                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.797495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    255797238     25.23%     25.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    189538223     18.69%     43.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    189535620     18.69%     62.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    162681819     16.04%     78.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    107625407     10.61%     89.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     59225885      5.84%     95.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     34316693      3.38%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     14334464      1.41%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       961802      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1014017151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          789673      2.90%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         11372      0.04%      2.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp       1122542      4.12%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            81      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          311      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       11350680     41.63%     48.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      13988372     51.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       577903      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1281649308     61.11%     61.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2380836      0.11%     61.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     61.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    104656596      4.99%     66.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp     25885118      1.23%     67.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     20124174      0.96%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     23437746      1.12%     69.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      2211205      0.11%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    415555808     19.81%     89.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    220743101     10.53%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2097221795                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.027823                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            27263031                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013000                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4749489229                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2038441358                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1836383505                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    486613228                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    277811180                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    240994732                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1879639390                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       244267533                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     29250271                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     34527389                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        53851                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12193                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     11134445                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       797059                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       165781                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       23862773                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        39361974                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2259641                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2229273293                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       735806                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     420644615                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    224834474                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       821262                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         198063                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         99362                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        12193                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3892684                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      4355366                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      8248050                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2088320440                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     412135997                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8901352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              69948942                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            632026819                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        309827750                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          219890822                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.019216                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2079904568                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2077378237                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1282328144                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1718042220                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.008636                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.746389                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    160512079                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1630073                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7475626                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    990154378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.086846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.621591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    355208414     35.87%     35.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    241574458     24.40%     60.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    129044512     13.03%     73.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     42495409      4.29%     77.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     52780293      5.33%     82.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     23724640      2.40%     85.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     18262361      1.84%     87.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     16683234      1.68%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    110381057     11.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    990154378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2066299341                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2066299341                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              599817240                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             386117214                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              814574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          296498206                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          233657461                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1809134879                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     19334804                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     110381057                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3105516466                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4477517400                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  269892                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                20206068                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000007                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.517112                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.517112                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.933819                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.933819                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2550564021                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1364626049                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         316022075                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        204362474                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        80784831                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        1918082                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 2034221915                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         289759.973101                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          289759.973101                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            1677.560000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1101096                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32387.181088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      396831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1133449                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.350109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              651754495750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    18314.443110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   111.628618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 13573.522929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        387.586431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.558912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.003407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.414231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.011828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.988378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       115414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  115638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           449875                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                449875                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        58931                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 58931                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        174345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   174569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          224                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       174345                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  174569                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       917568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                919328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       182017                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              182017                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1099585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1101345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1760                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1099585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1101345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120631750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56084513750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56205145500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12039640250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   12039640250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120631750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  68124154000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      68244785750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120631750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  68124154000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     68244785750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1032982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1034966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       449875                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            449875                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       240948                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            240948                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1273930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1275914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1273930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1275914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.887097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.888271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.888269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.755420                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.755420                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.887097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.863144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.863181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.887097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.863144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.863181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68540.767045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61123.005325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61137.206198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66145.691062                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66145.691062                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68540.767045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61954.422805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61964.948086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68540.767045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61954.422805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61964.948086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               345859                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    345859                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       917568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           919328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       182017                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         182017                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1099585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1101345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1099585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1101345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    100416250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  45540783250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45641199500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9949212750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9949212750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    100416250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55489996000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55590412250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    100416250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55489996000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55590412250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.887097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.888271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.888269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.755420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.887097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.863144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.863181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.887097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.863144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.863181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57054.687500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49632.052611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49646.262814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54660.898433                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54660.898433                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57054.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50464.489785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50475.021224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57054.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50464.489785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50475.021224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   213591213                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1034966                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1034966                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           449875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           240948                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          240948                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2997735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3001703                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       126976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    110323520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          110450496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             110450496                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1312769500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           3404249                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2179984250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2034224304                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 7540729.921687                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  7540729.921687                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      52.818200                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              1884                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           993.277049                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1296051381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2907                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          445838.108359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   484.628966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   508.648083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.473270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.496727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    299232694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       299232694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    299232694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        299232694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    299232694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       299232694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161656746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161656746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161656746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161656746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161656746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161656746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    299235314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    299235314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    299235314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    299235314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    299235314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    299235314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61701.048092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61701.048092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61701.048092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61701.048092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61701.048092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61701.048092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1246                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                32                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.937500                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          636                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          636                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123748249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123748249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123748249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123748249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123748249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123748249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62373.109375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62373.109375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62373.109375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62373.109375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62373.109375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62373.109375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2034224306                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 14984372.736571                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  14984372.736571                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      52.818200                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1273930                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           933127003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1274954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            731.890722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   976.767332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    47.232668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.953874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.046126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    375593123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       375593123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    211983871                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      211983871                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       814710                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       814710                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    587576994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        587576994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    587576994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       587576994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4510061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       4510061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       901580                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       901580                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5411641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        5411641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5411641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       5411641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 241357174750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 241357174750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  46010910254                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  46010910254                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1174500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1174500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 287368085004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 287368085004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 287368085004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 287368085004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    380103184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    380103184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    212885451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    212885451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       814756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       814756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    592988635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    592988635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    592988635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    592988635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004235                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004235                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000056                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53515.279450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53515.279450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51033.641223                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51033.641223                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25532.608696                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25532.608696                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53101.838242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53101.838242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53101.838242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53101.838242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3526471                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             58268                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    60.521573                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       449875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            449875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3477065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3477065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       660666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       660666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4137731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4137731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4137731                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4137731                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1032996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1032996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       240914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       240914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1273910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1273910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1273910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1273910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57729644500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57729644500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12581021989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12581021989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       349000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       349000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70310666489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  70310666489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70310666489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  70310666489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55885.641861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55885.641861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52222.045996                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52222.045996                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        17450                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        17450                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55192.805213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55192.805213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55192.805213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55192.805213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
