
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.819612                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                819611772500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1319664277000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 195073                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   195073                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               53294769                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2335392                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15378.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000004                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1042396160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1042470400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         74240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    330330560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       330330560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     16287440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            16288600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       5161415                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            5161415                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        90579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1271816969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1271907548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        90579                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            90579                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       403032962                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            403032962                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       403032962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        90579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1271816969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1674940510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    16288600                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    5161415                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  16288600                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  5161415                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1042470400                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               330330560                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1042470400                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            330330560                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    524                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1038171                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1036409                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1029037                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1024448                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1016894                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1007953                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1003289                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1002670                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1000392                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1002122                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1007328                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1017015                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1019624                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1026111                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1025553                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1031060                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              326845                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              325433                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              324044                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              325493                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              324870                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              321705                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              320819                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              321292                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              319574                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              320208                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             319284                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             323161                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             320947                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             322800                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             320725                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             324215                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  819611340000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              16288600                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              5161415                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 7057319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 4957357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 3154058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                 1119294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  190177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  223591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  224381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  224408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  224410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  224410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  224410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  224410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  224409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  224409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 224409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 224409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 224409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 224409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 224409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 224409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 224409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 224409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 224409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 224409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 224409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 224409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 224409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  34233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5226471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    262.654433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.271879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   570.113370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65      3533858     67.61%     67.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       358247      6.85%     74.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193       149516      2.86%     77.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257       109608      2.10%     79.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        90880      1.74%     81.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        81559      1.56%     82.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        71140      1.36%     84.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        72129      1.38%     85.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        51926      0.99%     86.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        53541      1.02%     87.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        73556      1.41%     88.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        69044      1.32%     90.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        37686      0.72%     90.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        26881      0.51%     91.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        75386      1.44%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025       150509      2.88%     95.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         8651      0.17%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         8732      0.17%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217        10357      0.20%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281        16401      0.31%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345        25854      0.49%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409        32946      0.63%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        31319      0.60%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537        13985      0.27%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         8098      0.15%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         4027      0.08%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729         2085      0.04%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         1601      0.03%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         1306      0.02%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         1337      0.03%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         4418      0.08%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         2218      0.04%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         1088      0.02%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177          991      0.02%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241         1098      0.02%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305         1101      0.02%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369         1011      0.02%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433         1097      0.02%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         1001      0.02%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561         2172      0.04%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625         2058      0.04%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          915      0.02%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          938      0.02%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817         1034      0.02%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881         1156      0.02%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945         1227      0.02%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009         1463      0.03%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073         1322      0.03%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          901      0.02%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          825      0.02%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          533      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          445      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          458      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          451      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          446      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          323      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          319      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          326      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          318      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          353      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          333      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          303      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          459      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          482      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          356      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225          252      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          241      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          270      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          285      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          348      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          335      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          336      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          329      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          282      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          209      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          177      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          187      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          189      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          305      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          182      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          215      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          382      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          180      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          157      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          141      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          140      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          126      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          167      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          175      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          169      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          182      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          167      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          177      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          539      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          480      0.01%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          155      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          168      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273          162      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          141      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          164      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          146      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          123      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          135      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          133      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          189      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          151      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          184      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          189      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          194      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          483      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          236      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          149      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          128      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          115      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          109      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          105      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489           89      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          105      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617           90      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          118      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          113      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           85      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           95      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           77      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          102      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           76      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           64      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         8433      0.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8320-8321            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8384-8385            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8704-8705            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8832-8833            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8896-8897            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9024-9025            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9280-9281            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9344-9345            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9408-9409            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9536-9537            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9600-9601            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5226471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 235043083250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            651172268250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                81440380000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              334688805000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14430.38                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  20548.09                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                39978.46                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1271.91                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       403.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1271.91                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               403.03                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        13.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.79                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.49                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 12079579                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 4143433                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 74.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      38210.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1674940510                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            12281379                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           12281379                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           5161415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4007221                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4007221                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     37738615                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               37738615                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1372800960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1372800960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1372800960                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         31370667500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        77174389250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        70382935                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     70016683                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       505260                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     69722628                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        69457688                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.620009                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS            1332                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           82                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            692914522                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1116440                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        694030962                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           107407441                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            158116                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       107565557                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            800321963                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1274556                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        801596519                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           214573758                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               123                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       214573881                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1639250223                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    224217727                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2436995092                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            70382935                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     69459020                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             352124389                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        47318493                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      726932490                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           78                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2355                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          107                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         214573758                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       5054349                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1334849378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.825670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.227938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        982724989     73.62%     73.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         12023260      0.90%     74.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         13655339      1.02%     75.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          8066169      0.60%     76.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         31493002      2.36%     78.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          8044054      0.60%     79.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          9812264      0.74%     79.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3845623      0.29%     80.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        265184678     19.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1334849378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.042936                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.486652                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        299481277                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     662051173                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         282339205                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      59406082                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       31571640                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       360103                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           603                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2367916126                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          2148                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       31571640                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        334682296                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       471204509                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        52564                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         300143182                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     197195186                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2296946607                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       4247838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       13387971                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     164278557                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2102265928                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3608564809                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2352463299                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   1256101510                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1834106825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        268159053                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          997                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          785                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         490768157                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    715724748                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    120579722                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13384591                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     11692742                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2196727434                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1472                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2117072295                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7797900                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    196716263                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    216908232                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          223                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1334849378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.586001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.781488                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    574851800     43.06%     43.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    180153574     13.50%     56.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    189967099     14.23%     70.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    156836242     11.75%     82.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    128812531      9.65%     92.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     65876413      4.94%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     27337280      2.05%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10295584      0.77%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       718855      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1334849378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            7422      0.01%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult        4892412      6.33%      6.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      6.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        758349      0.98%      7.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      7.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      7.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     37201337     48.10%     55.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv      15585585     20.15%     75.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt      7945202     10.27%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       10615424     13.72%     99.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        338525      0.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            2      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     773202696     36.52%     36.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    210707936      9.95%     46.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     46.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    152811622      7.22%     53.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            8      0.00%     53.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        21713      0.00%     53.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    146345265      6.91%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     14806076      0.70%     61.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt      1598155      0.08%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    709973014     33.54%     94.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    107605808      5.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2117072295                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.291488                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            77344256                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.036534                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4226124461                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1539850183                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1402792053                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   1428011658                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    853597310                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    635181409                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1448847707                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       745568842                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9693328                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     77249335                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4778                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2374                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     13615034                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     46874009                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       31571640                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       299925233                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       9801485                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2197523585                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      5061929                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     715724748                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    120579722                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          775                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3218973                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       1148448                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         2374                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       506543                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6273                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       512816                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2087533554                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     694030972                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     29538736                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                794679                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            801596532                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         60711066                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          107565560                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.273469                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2039547232                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2037973462                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1401776411                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1605633083                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.243235                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.873037                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    192128081                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1249                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       504668                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1303277738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.535152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.769422                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    876008892     67.22%     67.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    112328569      8.62%     75.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     33118444      2.54%     78.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     38473743      2.95%     81.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     26465161      2.03%     83.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     23519902      1.80%     85.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     21878319      1.68%     86.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     19865180      1.52%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    151619528     11.63%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1303277738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2000729238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2000729238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              745440075                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             638475390                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           58929454                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          630739835                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1689204963                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls          970                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     151619528                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3340846695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4417290841                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 4382888                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               304400845                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000003                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.819625                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.819625                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.220070                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.220070                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2555600813                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1313411951                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         702496011                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        556743494                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads            1435                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           1249                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1               266                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               266                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008118                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008118                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 2639328426                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         4725166.908648                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          4725166.908648                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            2315.546190                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  16288673                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32224.782045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7552559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  16320960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.462752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6674.220729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     1.846287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 25479.786431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         68.928600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.203681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.777581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.002104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.983422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4299503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 4299509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          7141978                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               7141978                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1147056                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1147056                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       5446559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  5446565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5446559                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 5446565                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12280219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              12281379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4007221                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4007221                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     16287440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16288600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     16287440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16288600                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75584000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 904012365250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    904087949250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 292657850500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  292657850500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75584000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1196670215750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1196745799750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75584000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1196670215750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1196745799750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16579722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            16580888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7141978                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           7141978                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5154277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           5154277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21733999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             21735165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21733999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            21735165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.740677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.740695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.777455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.777455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.749399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.749412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.749399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.749412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65158.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73615.329275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73614.530522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73032.620487                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73032.620487                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65158.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73471.964640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73471.372601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65158.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73471.964640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73471.372601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              5161415                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   5161415                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12280219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         12281379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4007221                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4007221                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16287440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          16288600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16287440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         16288600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62258000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 763065657750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 763127915750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 246691905500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 246691905500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62258000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1009757563250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1009819821250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62258000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1009757563250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1009819821250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.740677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.740695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.777455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.749399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.749412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.749399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.749412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53670.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62137.789053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62136.989319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61561.841860                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61561.841860                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53670.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61996.087983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61995.495086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53670.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61996.087983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61995.495086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2254893370                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           16580888                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          16580888                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          7141978                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          5154277                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         5154277                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     50609976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              50612308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        74624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1848062528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1848137152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1848137152                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        21580549500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       36474292250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2639328552                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 5593937.861415                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  5593937.861415                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              1166                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           781825726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          356998.048402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   430.923097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   593.076903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.420823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.579177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    214572001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       214572001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    214572001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        214572001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    214572001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       214572001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109135997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109135997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109135997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109135997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    109135997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109135997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    214573758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    214573758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    214573758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    214573758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    214573758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    214573758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62114.966989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62114.966989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62114.966989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62114.966989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62114.966989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62114.966989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          854                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           29                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    56.933333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           29                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          591                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          591                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76783247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76783247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76783247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76783247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76783247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76783247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65851.841338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65851.841338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65851.841338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65851.841338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65851.841338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65851.841338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           78                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.076172                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.002930                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         2639328554                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 16996125.966151                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  16996125.966151                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      77.955970                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          21733999                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           682204656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          21735020                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             31.387349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1020.821621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.178379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.996896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    597867124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       597867124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     82444334                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       82444334                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    680311458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        680311458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    680311458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       680311458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     38655144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      38655144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     24519727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     24519727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     63174871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       63174871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     63174871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      63174871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2205386081500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2205386081500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1483951325823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1483951325823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      2077500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2077500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3689337407323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3689337407323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3689337407323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3689337407323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    636522268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    636522268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    106964061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    106964061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          624                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    743486329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    743486329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    743486329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    743486329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.229233                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.229233                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024038                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024038                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.084971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.084971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57052.848684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57052.848684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60520.711581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60520.711581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       138500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total       138500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58398.811884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58398.811884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58398.811884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58398.811884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    196548629                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           3512204                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    55.961621                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7141978                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7141978                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     22075437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     22075437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19365450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     19365450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     41440887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     41440887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     41440887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     41440887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16579707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     16579707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5154277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      5154277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21733984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21733984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21733984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21733984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 930408692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 930408692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 300196264343                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 300196264343                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      2040500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2040500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1230604956343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1230604956343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1230604956343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1230604956343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048187                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048187                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024038                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024038                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56117.318117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56117.318117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58242.167494                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58242.167494                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 136033.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136033.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56621.232276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56621.232276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56621.232276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56621.232276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
