
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.128088                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1128088121000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1628147778500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 327221                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   327221                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              123044879                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2214916                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9168.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        66368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1487229952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1487296320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        66368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         66368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    348530240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       348530240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     23237968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            23239005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       5445785                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            5445785                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        58832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1318363277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1318422109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        58832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            58832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       308956573                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            308956573                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       308956573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        58832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1318363277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1627378682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    23239005                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    5445785                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  23239005                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  5445785                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1487296320                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               348530240                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1487296320                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            348530240                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    222                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1452638                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1450351                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1450226                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1450020                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1450341                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1458783                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1450185                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1456310                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1454661                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1462503                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1449355                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1449293                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1449564                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1455453                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1449646                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1449454                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              340642                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              340452                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              340694                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              340626                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              340689                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              340497                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              340485                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              340366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              340092                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              340302                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             340109                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             340217                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             340184                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             340247                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             339922                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             340247                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1128087968500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              23239005                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              5445785                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                15197683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 6248448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 1692437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  100201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  216719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  236613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  236741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  236769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  236771                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  236773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  236773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  236773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  236773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  236773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 236773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 236773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 236773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 236773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 236773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 236772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 236772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 236772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 236772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 236772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 236772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 236772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 236772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  20054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2149175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    854.174954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   229.139212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1775.921395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65      1133105     52.72%     52.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        75430      3.51%     56.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        34003      1.58%     57.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        31145      1.45%     59.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        29472      1.37%     60.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        27729      1.29%     61.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        27709      1.29%     63.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        28674      1.33%     64.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        24321      1.13%     65.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        27770      1.29%     66.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        88316      4.11%     71.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        84911      3.95%     75.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        20788      0.97%     76.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        13548      0.63%     76.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        12887      0.60%     77.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025        22886      1.06%     78.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089        27950      1.30%     79.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         9605      0.45%     80.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         9860      0.46%     80.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281        10233      0.48%     80.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345        10756      0.50%     81.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409        17731      0.83%     82.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473       213951      9.96%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         6427      0.30%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         1095      0.05%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          838      0.04%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          827      0.04%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          639      0.03%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          655      0.03%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          726      0.03%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          591      0.03%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          589      0.03%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         1609      0.07%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         1156      0.05%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241          596      0.03%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          548      0.03%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369          593      0.03%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433          888      0.04%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         1765      0.08%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561          642      0.03%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625          600      0.03%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          523      0.02%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          577      0.03%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          534      0.02%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881         1137      0.05%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          710      0.03%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          592      0.03%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          544      0.03%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          587      0.03%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201         5061      0.24%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          872      0.04%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          849      0.04%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          895      0.04%     93.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          824      0.04%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          906      0.04%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          870      0.04%     93.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          769      0.04%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          832      0.04%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          819      0.04%     94.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          863      0.04%     94.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          835      0.04%     94.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          911      0.04%     94.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          802      0.04%     94.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          801      0.04%     94.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          767      0.04%     94.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225         4369      0.20%     94.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          607      0.03%     94.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          515      0.02%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          478      0.02%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          485      0.02%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          432      0.02%     94.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          410      0.02%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          450      0.02%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          421      0.02%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          445      0.02%     94.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          429      0.02%     94.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          464      0.02%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          563      0.03%     94.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          439      0.02%     94.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          395      0.02%     94.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          447      0.02%     94.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          447      0.02%     94.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          552      0.03%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          408      0.02%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          455      0.02%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          401      0.02%     94.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          394      0.02%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          394      0.02%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          440      0.02%     94.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          445      0.02%     95.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          441      0.02%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          389      0.02%     95.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          406      0.02%     95.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          343      0.02%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          375      0.02%     95.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          340      0.02%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          433      0.02%     95.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273         3817      0.18%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          348      0.02%     95.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          396      0.02%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          409      0.02%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          368      0.02%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          355      0.02%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          367      0.02%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          559      0.03%     95.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          602      0.03%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          386      0.02%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          417      0.02%     95.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          435      0.02%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          423      0.02%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          458      0.02%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169         1103      0.05%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          650      0.03%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          524      0.02%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          480      0.02%     95.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          456      0.02%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          187      0.01%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          170      0.01%     95.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          180      0.01%     95.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          187      0.01%     95.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          161      0.01%     95.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          200      0.01%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          162      0.01%     95.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          155      0.01%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          141      0.01%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065          142      0.01%     95.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129          125      0.01%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        90356      4.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2149175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 122936131500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            596274072750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               116193915000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              357144026250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      5290.13                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  15368.45                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25658.58                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1318.42                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       308.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1318.42                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               308.96                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        12.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.53                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       8.81                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 21531227                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 5004137                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      39327.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1627378682                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            18362583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           18362583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           5445785                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4876422                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4876422                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     51923795                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               51923795                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1835826560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1835826560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1835826560                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         36125535000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       110180306750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       108705631                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    108515536                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       413423                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    108538501                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       108107848                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.603226                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           25323                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         1203                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            401790892                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1546549                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        403337441                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           127866199                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            151287                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       128017486                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            529657091                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1697836                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        531354927                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           209875290                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               129                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       209875419                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               2256176259                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211200475                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2169287610                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           108705631                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    108133171                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             326334970                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        19741835                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     1522638758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          452                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3138                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          533                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         209875290                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        607845                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2074856639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.045512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.516822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1748521669     84.27%     84.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          3711640      0.18%     84.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2821243      0.14%     84.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          3015787      0.15%     84.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         65458643      3.15%     87.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          6714340      0.32%     88.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          9894822      0.48%     88.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         81637041      3.93%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        153081454      7.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2074856639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048181                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.961489                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        286173112                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    1449759723                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         240153357                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      84096372                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       14674074                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       129286                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          4280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2155380627                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          7944                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       14674074                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        317570112                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      1179810401                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        73744                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         286505128                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     276223179                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2129405447                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       1782282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      119566291                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     132661353                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1890839333                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3363007127                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1183635370                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   2179371757                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1772716650                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        118122652                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         4544                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          292                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         590201528                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    417016527                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    131534009                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     11713166                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4520206                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2098229747                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          468                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2052624415                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     17944160                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     98219735                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     88666302                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2074856639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.989285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.483127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1210093259     58.32%     58.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    243862244     11.75%     70.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    329776478     15.89%     85.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    157682460      7.60%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     61016822      2.94%     96.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     26059477      1.26%     97.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     27144063      1.31%     99.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     14841904      0.72%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4379932      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2074856639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          138191      0.21%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        733232      1.10%      1.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      1.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      1.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     50687645     76.01%     77.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv       9476765     14.21%     91.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt         9818      0.01%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     91.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        2439492      3.66%     95.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3203374      4.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          104      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     763376155     37.19%     37.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7938      0.00%     37.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    307576982     14.98%     52.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp    104080136      5.07%     57.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     56252166      2.74%     59.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    270665547     13.19%     73.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     10689701      0.52%     73.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt      1845349      0.09%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    410097514     19.98%     93.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    128032823      6.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2052624415                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.909780                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            66688517                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.032489                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   3737243429                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    893635486                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    819159599                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   2527494716                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   1302819519                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1209174860                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      827141623                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      1292171205                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      5975350                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     27542176                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1779                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         5058                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4135754                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          340                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8769349                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       14674074                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       964808470                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      23706264                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2098929221                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       695235                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     417016527                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    131534009                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          239                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       12021011                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         63076                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         5058                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       404957                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8254                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       413211                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2039669260                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     403337554                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     12955154                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                699006                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            531355146                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        102234185                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          128017592                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.904038                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2030083192                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2028334459                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1379291580                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1824298500                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.899014                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.756067                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     94889180                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       409184                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2060182565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.971107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.234675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1576494919     76.52%     76.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    139398255      6.77%     83.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     72046376      3.50%     86.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     36388444      1.77%     88.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     35403813      1.72%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     19762195      0.96%     91.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     10139241      0.49%     91.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     57655241      2.80%     94.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    112894081      5.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2060182565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2000657347                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2000657347                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              516872596                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             389474341                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 224                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           99903228                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1203314597                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1309260779                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        18358                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     112894081                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4039834234                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4205773371                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 3175157                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               181319620                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000001                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.128088                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.128088                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.886456                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.886456                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1616768419                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       757591886                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1606907601                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1040714439                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads            4054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes            500                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.000092                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.000092                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                 1950388216                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  315082514                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         4307150.353057                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         523709.999983                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          4830860.353040                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 163                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 163                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 11965571.877301                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 1933021.558282                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.860920                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.139080                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg             303.125634                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1          489                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2          489                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1      5340695                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2      5340695                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  23238295                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32634.066074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4408505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  23270946                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.189442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5033.335716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     1.275731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 27552.205096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         47.249531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.153605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.840827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.001442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3687656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 3689346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5571761                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5571761                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        91635                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 91635                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          1690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       3779291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  3780981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1690                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3779291                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 3780981                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18361547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              18362584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4876422                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4876422                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     23237969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               23239006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1037                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     23237969                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              23239006                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68147000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1111500760000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1111568907000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 332676111250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  332676111250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68147000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1444176871250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1444245018250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68147000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1444176871250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1444245018250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22049203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            22051930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5571761                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5571761                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4968057                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4968057                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     27017260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             27019987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     27017260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            27019987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.380271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.832697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.981555                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.981555                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.380271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.860116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.860067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.380271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.860116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.860067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65715.525554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60534.156517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60534.449128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68221.353946                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68221.353946                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65715.525554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62147.293133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62147.452359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65715.525554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62147.293133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62147.452359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              5445785                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   5445785                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18361547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         18362584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4876422                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4876422                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23237969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          23239006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23237969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         23239006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56234000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 900623766000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 900680000000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 276726394750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 276726394750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56234000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1177350160750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1177406394750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56234000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1177350160750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1177406394750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.380271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.832697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.981555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.380271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.860116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.860067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.380271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.860116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.860067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54227.579556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49049.449156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49049.741583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56747.835759                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56747.835759                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54227.579556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50664.933788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50665.092765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54227.579556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50664.933788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50665.092765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  1849032629                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           22051930                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          22051929                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5571761                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4968057                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4968056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     59606279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              59611733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       174528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2085697216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         2085871744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            2085871744                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        21867635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           4343500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       46120789500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         3256295557                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 5288857.263558                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  5288857.263558                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      53.224000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              2723                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.334331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           986303520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              3747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          263224.851882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      1456854176750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   171.925782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   849.408550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.167896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.829501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    209872030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       209872030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    209872030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        209872030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    209872030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       209872030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          3258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           3258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          3258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    113241000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    113241000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    113241000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    113241000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    113241000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    113241000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    209875288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209875288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    209875288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    209875288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    209875288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    209875288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34757.826888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34757.826888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34757.826888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34757.826888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34757.826888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34757.826888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          780                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          513                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    97.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          513                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79328500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79328500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79328500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79328500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79328500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79328500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29090.025669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29090.025669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29090.025669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29090.025669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29090.025669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29090.025669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           38                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.037109                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         1988379933                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          266555729                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 9455106.465260                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 833699.999388                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  10288806.464648                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          257                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          257                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 7736886.898833                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 1037181.824903                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.881790                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.118210                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg       9.826642                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1         1415                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1         8351                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2         9766                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       253402                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       253402                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1     5.505837                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          27007492                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           990.408996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           408445721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          27008478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             15.122871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   984.221258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     6.187738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.961154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    286435168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       286435168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    103384038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      103384038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    389819206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        389819206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    389819206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       389819206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data    100997334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     100997334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     24013993                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     24013993                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    125011327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      125011327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    125011327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     125011327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 5297938683250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 5297938683250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1552507045891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1552507045891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        86250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        86250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 6850445729141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 6850445729141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 6850445729141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 6850445729141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    387432502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    387432502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    127398031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    127398031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    514830533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    514830533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    514830533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    514830533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.260684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.188496                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.188496                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.242820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.242820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.242820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.242820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52456.223085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52456.223085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64650.099877                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64650.099877                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        86250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        86250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54798.600203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54798.600203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54798.600203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54798.600203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     43252765                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           1746396                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.766871                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5571761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5571761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     78948131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     78948131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19045937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     19045937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     97994068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     97994068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     97994068                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     97994068                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22049203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     22049203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4968056                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4968056                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     27017259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     27017259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     27017259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     27017259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1152335093250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1152335093250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 338811501285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 338811501285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        83750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1491146594535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1491146594535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1491146594535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1491146594535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038996                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038996                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004464                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004464                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52261.983948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52261.983948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68198.003663                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68198.003663                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        83750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55192.371459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55192.371459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55192.371459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55192.371459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
