
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.618643                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                618642892845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               951844494375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 173725                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   173725                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35824674                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2360064                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 17268.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       461376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     41776384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           42237760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       461376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        461376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     28993024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        28993024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       652756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              659965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        453016                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             453016                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       745787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     67529078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              68274865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       745787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           745787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        46865525                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             46865525                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        46865525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       745787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     67529078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            115140390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      659965                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     453016                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    659965                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   453016                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   42237760                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                28993024                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             42237760                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             28993024                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               41217                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               41476                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               42257                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               40451                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               42357                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               42871                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               42253                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               40937                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               39314                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               40067                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              39151                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              40026                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              41597                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              42324                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              41930                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              41727                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               28381                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               27992                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               28419                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               28175                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               29083                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               29148                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               29206                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               28442                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               27341                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               27745                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              27571                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              27800                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              28833                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              28617                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              27937                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              28326                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                        16                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  618640936137                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                659965                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               453016                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  467455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  116720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   48216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   27546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   15405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   19474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   19658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   19666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   19671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   19672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   19675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   19678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   19680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   19696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  19696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  19696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  19696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  19696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  19696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  19696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  19696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  19696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  19696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  19696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  19696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  19696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  19696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   4292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       472464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    150.761353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    98.486833                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   266.116121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       304910     64.54%     64.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        81368     17.22%     81.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        30162      6.38%     88.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        15366      3.25%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         8905      1.88%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         5574      1.18%     94.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         3932      0.83%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2786      0.59%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         1976      0.42%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         1487      0.31%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         1219      0.26%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         1145      0.24%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833          975      0.21%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897          940      0.20%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961          894      0.19%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          945      0.20%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          766      0.16%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          760      0.16%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          743      0.16%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          948      0.20%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          650      0.14%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          588      0.12%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          583      0.12%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         1054      0.22%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          442      0.09%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          333      0.07%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          317      0.07%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          529      0.11%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          230      0.05%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          235      0.05%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          163      0.03%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          257      0.05%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          154      0.03%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177          122      0.03%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           84      0.02%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          197      0.04%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           72      0.02%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           57      0.01%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           62      0.01%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           77      0.02%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           45      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           37      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           30      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           36      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           27      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           15      0.00%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            9      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           31      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           14      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            7      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            3      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           14      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           13      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           12      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            6      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           10      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            4      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            5      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            5      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            9      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            2      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            3      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           10      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            7      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            7      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            9      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            6      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           15      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       472464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  18041265148                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             33113295148                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3299775000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               11772255000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27337.11                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  17837.97                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                50175.08                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        68.27                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        46.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                68.27                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                46.87                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.95                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   467567                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  172932                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 70.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                38.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     555841.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    115140390                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              272019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             272019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            453016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            387946                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           387946                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1772946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1772946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     71230784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            71230784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               71230784                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1577465364                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2073117139                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       500864367                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    354608596                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     31426266                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    341620298                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       253331597                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     74.155897                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        47817160                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       982146                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            782380767                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses           14572449                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                 88140                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        796953216                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           415305672                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           2968443                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                  934                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       418274115                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1197686439                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           17540892                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                 89074                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1215227331                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           481666754                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses           1491397                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       483158151                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 1471                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1857786465                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    965283692                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3279503082                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           500864367                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    301148757                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             620448474                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       150665915                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      118914033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       183032                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     14020543                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          571                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         481666754                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      23203927                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1830220546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.791862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.896179                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1209772072     66.10%     66.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         56731553      3.10%     69.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         63400391      3.46%     72.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         59656234      3.26%     75.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         69693347      3.81%     79.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         56137606      3.07%     82.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         64800356      3.54%     86.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         31493405      1.72%     88.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        218535582     11.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1830220546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.269603                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.765275                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       1000040053                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     115236200                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         604957950                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1202242                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      108784100                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     65463777                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred       2630915                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3191732960                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       9404140                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      108784100                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       1018181533                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        31126410                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     70811702                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         587519396                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      13797404                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3108616005                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          5769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         288615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      11168558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2126994982                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3848243985                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3822186443                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     26057542                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1397224081                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        729770890                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2209965                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1734329                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          35478694                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    975274518                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    466600198                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     41571020                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     10925447                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2890665533                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3179963                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2532235674                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7643819                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    881663761                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    568371999                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       516036                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1830220546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.383569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.643041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    800547586     43.74%     43.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    347992918     19.01%     62.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    268451961     14.67%     77.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    165405319      9.04%     86.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    139566769      7.63%     94.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     69001017      3.77%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     28164978      1.54%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      9859136      0.54%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1230862      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1830220546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1241730      2.30%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            41      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            44      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       28807410     53.27%     55.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      24033355     44.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          138      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1253010809     49.48%     49.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       443515      0.02%     49.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     49.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3222931      0.13%     49.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      1288356      0.05%     49.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       582789      0.02%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult       128259      0.01%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       128335      0.01%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    850609781     33.59%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    422820761     16.70%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2532235674                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.363039                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            54082580                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.021358                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6929267115                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   3753232236                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2398149256                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27151178                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     22481730                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12569771                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2572608253                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        13709863                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     76895168                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    305371538                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses      1531960                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       208708                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    153779696                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          132                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1077838                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      108784100                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        21151764                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        489858                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2957894582                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      7904769                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     975274518                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    466600198                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1725901                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         379575                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         35373                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       208708                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     25252320                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      6711537                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     31963857                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2456942804                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     797264841                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     75292870                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              64049086                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1215738605                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        374856012                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          418473764                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.322511                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2434637589                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2410719027                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1279661127                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1764413240                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.297630                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.725262                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    745026597                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2663927                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     28840165                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1721436446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.188566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.090313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1011402985     58.75%     58.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    310345333     18.03%     76.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    131586635      7.64%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     59196649      3.44%     87.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     51167364      2.97%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     32638753      1.90%     92.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     24450701      1.42%     94.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     24819501      1.44%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     75828525      4.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1721436446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2046040684                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2046040684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              982723480                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             669902978                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars             1331228                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          320071823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            9094135                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1970277568                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     30290140                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      75828525                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4343666195                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5690976333                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  146837                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                27565919                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.928893                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.928893                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.076550                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.076550                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3115288382                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1657966000                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          11216775                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          7435238                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         3098933                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2662525                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              1103                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1103                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008415                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008415                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                 1469535410                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  491978651                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         735242.724344                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         359520.000006                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          1094762.724351                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                  30                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                  30                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 48984513.666667                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 16399288.366667                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.749184                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.250816                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            5688.599148                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        33090                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        33090                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1      3899070                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2      3899070                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    628231                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 129197.272710                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2873516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    757338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.794232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    70809.732504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   922.913154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 51591.221987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        101.374941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       5772.030123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.540235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.007041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.393610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.044037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.985697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        16059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1361540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 1377599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1080963                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1080963                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       213132                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                213132                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         16059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       1574672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1590731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        16059                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1574672                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1590731                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       264810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                272019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       387946                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              387946                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       652756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 659965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7209                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       652756                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                659965                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    655940643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22237831522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22893772165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30224364192                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   30224364192                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    655940643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52462195714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      53118136357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    655940643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52462195714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     53118136357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        23268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1626350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1649618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1080963                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1080963                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       601078                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            601078                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        23268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2227428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2250696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        23268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2227428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2250696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.309825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.162825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.164898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.645417                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.645417                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.309825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.293054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.293227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.309825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.293054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.293227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90989.130670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83976.554971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84162.401027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77908.688818                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77908.688818                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90989.130670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80370.300256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80486.292996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90989.130670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80370.300256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80486.292996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               453016                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    453016                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       264810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           272019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       387946                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         387946                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       652756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            659965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       652756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           659965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    601123035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  20258517590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20859640625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27233188074                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27233188074                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    601123035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47491705664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  48092828699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    601123035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47491705664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  48092828699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.309825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.162825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.164898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.645417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.645417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.309825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.293054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.293227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.309825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.293054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.293227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83385.079068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76502.086741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76684.498601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70198.398937                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70198.398937                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83385.079068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72755.678483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72871.786684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83385.079068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72755.678483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72871.786684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   344667624                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1649618                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1649618                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1080963                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           601078                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          601078                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        46536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5535819                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               5582355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1489152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    211737024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          213226176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             213226176                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1829377012                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          24645348                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2348176608                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2858391874                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 29352771.362622                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  29352771.362622                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             23266                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          4095.937387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1323566426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             27362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          48372.429866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      358815544298                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  2478.460338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1617.477049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.605093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.394892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481640858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       481640858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481640858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        481640858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    481640858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       481640858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        25883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         25883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        25883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          25883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        25883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         25883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    960489782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    960489782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    960489782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    960489782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    960489782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    960489782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    481666741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    481666741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    481666741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    481666741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    481666741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    481666741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37108.904764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37108.904764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37108.904764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37108.904764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37108.904764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37108.904764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16242                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           52                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                77                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   210.935065                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           52                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    722044126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    722044126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    722044126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    722044126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    722044126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    722044126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31031.636840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31031.636840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31031.636840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31031.636840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31031.636840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31031.636840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1201                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           27                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.293213                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.006592                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         1735474840                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          123941961                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 49298611.495425                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 3407528.000833                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  52706139.496258                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          541                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          541                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 3207901.737523                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 229097.894640                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.933344                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.066656                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     226.001706                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        14607                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        14607                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1        57972                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1       577162                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2       635134                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1      1566195                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2      1566195                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1   107.157116                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2124063                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2915.895609                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1106151023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2126958                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            520.062466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2883.166316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    32.729293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.703898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.007991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.711889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    699732845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       699732845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    308352220                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      308352220                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1453933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1453933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1008085065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1008085065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1008085065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1008085065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3267262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3267262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3137053                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3137053                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      6404315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        6404315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      6404315                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       6404315                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  85384186363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  85384186363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 168042764751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 168042764751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        89910                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        89910                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 253426951114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 253426951114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 253426951114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 253426951114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    703000107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    703000107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    311489273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    311489273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1453951                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1453951                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1014489380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1014489380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1014489380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1014489380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26133.253581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26133.253581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53567.078641                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53567.078641                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         4995                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4995                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39571.281412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39571.281412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39571.281412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39571.281412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      9006884                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1366                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             73816                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   122.018045                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    97.571429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1080963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1080963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1639615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1639615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2537290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2537290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4176905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4176905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4176905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4176905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1627647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1627647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       599763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       599763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2227410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2227410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2227410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2227410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27654429920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27654429920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31448910623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31448910623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        65934                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        65934                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  59103340543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  59103340543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  59103340543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  59103340543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16990.434609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16990.434609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52435.563086                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52435.563086                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26534.558318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26534.558318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26534.558318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26534.558318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
