
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.358957                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                358957304379                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               691957616067                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 239954                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   239954                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               28711112                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2347848                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12502.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        25728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     44691840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           44717568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        25728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     42065536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        42065536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       698310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              698712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        657274                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             657274                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        71674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    124504612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             124576287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        71674                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            71674                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       117188132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            117188132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       117188132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        71674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    124504612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            241764419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      698712                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     657274                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    698712                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   657274                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   44717568                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                42065536                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             44717568                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             42065536                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               44799                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               45993                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               45915                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               44346                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               42013                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               41636                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               41329                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               42572                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               44493                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               45605                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              45883                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              44671                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              42508                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              41879                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              42094                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              42975                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               42189                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               43415                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               43345                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               41806                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               39466                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               39059                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               38629                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               40009                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               41922                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               43018                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              43299                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              42136                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              39943                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              39307                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              39461                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              40270                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  358947404289                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                698712                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               657274                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  190367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  173920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  173264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  161151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                    9872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   27888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   28491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   28564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   28575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   28577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   28577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   28577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   28577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   28577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  28577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  28577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  28577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  28577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  28577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  28577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  28577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  28577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  28577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  28577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  28577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  28577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  28577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  18706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        88450                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    981.139175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   674.256915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   745.778976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65         7543      8.53%      8.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129         4505      5.09%     13.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         2910      3.29%     16.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         2940      3.32%     20.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         2249      2.54%     22.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         2787      3.15%     25.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         2835      3.21%     29.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         3790      4.28%     33.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         2086      2.36%     35.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         1920      2.17%     37.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         1995      2.26%     40.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         2375      2.69%     42.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1123      1.27%     44.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1200      1.36%     45.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1062      1.20%     46.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1256      1.42%     48.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          856      0.97%     49.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         1006      1.14%     50.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          957      1.08%     51.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         1334      1.51%     52.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         6878      7.78%     60.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1915      2.17%     62.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        18073     20.43%     83.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537        13636     15.42%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          390      0.44%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           54      0.06%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           18      0.02%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           40      0.05%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           19      0.02%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           11      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            9      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           23      0.03%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           15      0.02%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           16      0.02%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            7      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            7      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            5      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            6      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            9      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            9      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            7      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           13      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            4      0.00%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           10      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            8      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            4      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            6      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            3      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            3      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            5      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            7      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            9      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            3      0.00%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.00%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            3      0.00%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            5      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            3      0.00%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            5      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            4      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            4      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            4      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            6      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            4      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            3      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            3      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            5      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            4      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            3      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            3      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            4      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            2      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            2      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            2      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            4      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            4      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            5      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            3      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            3      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            3      0.00%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.00%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            3      0.00%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            4      0.00%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.00%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.00%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.00%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.00%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.00%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.00%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.00%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.00%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            4      0.00%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.00%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            4      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            2      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            1      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            2      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          346      0.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        88450                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  27253121279                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             34948910029                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3493555000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                4202233750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     39004.86                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                   6014.27                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                50019.12                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       124.58                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       117.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               124.58                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               117.19                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.10                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       9.60                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   659284                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  608248                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 94.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     264713.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    241764419                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               36547                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              36547                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            657274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            662165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           662165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2054698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2054698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     86783104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            86783104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               86783104                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          2202521274                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2227385910                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       218802502                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    165565591                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4870201                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    172852037                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       127855637                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     73.968256                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         6398951                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         2381                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            457067960                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              77359                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        457145319                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           124744145                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            153090                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       124897235                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            581812105                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             230449                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        582042554                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           252751715                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               859                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       252752574                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  525                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1077949863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    505366988                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2148969310                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           218802502                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    134254588                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             383983994                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        17771565                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      144781139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          494                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         5336                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          110                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         252751715                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       2653437                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1046952799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.052594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.171039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        662968805     63.32%     63.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         43823219      4.19%     67.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         48895267      4.67%     72.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         18993394      1.81%     73.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         30132264      2.88%     76.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         21107169      2.02%     78.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         15809143      1.51%     80.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         12332688      1.18%     81.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        192890850     18.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1046952799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.202980                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.993571                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        533648430                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     118743248                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         380841377                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1132208                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       12587535                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     45176937                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        294573                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2135237070                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts        481770                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       12587535                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        541910411                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        44308715                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15018342                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         373531701                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      59596094                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2125001819                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          2939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       17819533                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      40194491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1772512847                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3115824189                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1759449570                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   1356374619                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1686180541                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         86332232                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1088934                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       139692                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         139482974                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    460321817                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    126224516                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     23954357                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     10050912                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2081312839                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       278592                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2059549471                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1045466                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     79517959                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38173383                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1281                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1046952799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.967185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.602785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215308239     20.57%     20.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    249078529     23.79%     44.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    233340389     22.29%     66.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    173947357     16.61%     83.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     93668484      8.95%     92.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     52262589      4.99%     97.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     20925437      2.00%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      6965610      0.67%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1456165      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1046952799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          546969      1.88%      1.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      1.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      1.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            74      0.00%      1.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      1.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      1.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     14746267     50.80%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        9936884     34.23%     86.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3800237     13.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          232      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     953305022     46.29%     46.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1461644      0.07%     46.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     46.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    264082135     12.82%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp     15355065      0.75%     59.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     11343527      0.55%     60.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    229889438     11.16%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv          114      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    459129194     22.29%     93.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    124983100      6.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2059549471                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.910617                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            29030431                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.014096                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   3563386033                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1335769071                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1246671872                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   1632741603                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    825348698                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    800655920                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1260712372                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       827867298                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     22822060                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     17995334                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         5750                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8383                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3973658                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       135082                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       426811                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       12587535                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4961418                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        415007                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2098874702                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      4683164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     460321817                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    126224516                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       139687                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          13836                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          6348                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8383                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1947687                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2728202                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4675889                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2052955935                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     457145345                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      6593534                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              17283271                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            582042581                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        206640082                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          124897236                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.904500                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2048614359                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2047327792                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1422717486                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1938157232                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.899279                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.734057                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     81622806                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       277311                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4642998                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1034365264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.950095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.325050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    349179786     33.76%     33.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    237397796     22.95%     56.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    168196013     16.26%     72.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     87792981      8.49%     81.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     52276508      5.05%     86.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     34535625      3.34%     89.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     15966835      1.54%     91.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      9800806      0.95%     92.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     79218914      7.66%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1034365264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2017110886                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2017110886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              564577318                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             442326460                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              138393                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          197944349                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          791595074                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1461337968                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      6376513                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      79218914                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3053775613                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4210103588                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  194122                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                30997064                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.538975                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.538975                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.855374                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.855374                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2000421849                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       982266970                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1040007062                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        741235728                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1225182                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         276900                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 2077920972                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         506147.581457                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          506147.581457                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg           19638.771150                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    658972                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 125674.259505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       36013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    790012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.045585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    116085.869105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   104.692779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  9175.578940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        161.189678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        146.929002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.885665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.070004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.001121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.958819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   20434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           679290                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                679290                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          380                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   380                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         20814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    20814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        20814                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   20814                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        36145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 36547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       662165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              662165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       698310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 698712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       698310                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                698712                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29259157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2835843626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2865102783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53391864462                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   53391864462                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29259157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56227708088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      56256967245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29259157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56227708088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     56256967245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        56579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               56981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       679290                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            679290                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       662545                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            662545                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       719124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               719526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       719124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              719526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.638841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.641389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999426                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999426                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.971056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.971073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.971056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.971073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72783.972637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78457.424983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78395.019646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80632.266070                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80632.266070                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72783.972637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80519.694817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80515.244113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72783.972637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80519.694817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80515.244113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               657274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    657274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        36145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            36547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       662165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         662165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       698310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            698712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       698310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           698712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     26190671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2558055742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2584246413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  48287264628                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48287264628                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     26190671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50845320370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  50871511041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     26190671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50845320370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50871511041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.638841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.641389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.971056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.971073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.971056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.971073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65150.922886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70772.049855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70710.220073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72923.311604                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72923.311604                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65150.922886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72811.960834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72807.553099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65150.922886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72811.960834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72807.553099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   249400759                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              56981                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             56981                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           679290                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           662545                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          662545                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2117538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2118342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        25728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     89498496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total           89524224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              89524224                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          918212868                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            473747                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         817652555                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2077950795                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 15402689.149975                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  15402689.149975                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1135.619942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1252751136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          973388.606061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   250.619942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.061187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.216064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.277251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    252751121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       252751121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    252751121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        252751121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    252751121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       252751121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          589                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           589                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40125465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40125465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40125465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40125465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40125465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40125465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    252751710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    252751710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    252751710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    252751710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    252751710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    252751710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68124.728353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68124.728353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68124.728353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68124.728353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68124.728353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68124.728353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1098                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                16                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    68.625000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            5                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          187                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          187                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29661754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29661754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29661754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29661754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29661754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29661754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73785.457711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73785.457711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73785.457711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73785.457711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73785.457711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73785.457711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2077950798                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 33900286.505415                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  33900286.505415                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            719124                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 4096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           641292846                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            723220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            886.718904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  3961.122442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   134.877558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.967071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.032929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    433770428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       433770428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    116892628                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      116892628                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       138377                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       138377                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    550663056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        550663056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    550663056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       550663056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       129892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        129892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5219834                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5219834                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5349726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        5349726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5349726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       5349726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6593544223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6593544223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 345863294852                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 345863294852                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       174070                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       174070                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 352456839075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 352456839075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 352456839075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 352456839075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    433900320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    433900320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    122112462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    122112462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       138393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       138393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    556012782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    556012782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    556012782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    556012782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042746                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042746                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50761.742240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50761.742240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66259.443280                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66259.443280                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10879.375000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10879.375000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65883.157207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65883.157207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65883.157207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65883.157207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     34734160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         5263                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            493443                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              38                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    70.391433                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   138.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       679290                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            679290                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        73327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        73327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4557289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      4557289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4630616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4630616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4630616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4630616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        56565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       662545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       662545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       719110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       719110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       719110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       719110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2947517142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2947517142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54117357727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  54117357727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        51282                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        51282                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57064874869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  57064874869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57064874869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  57064874869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005426                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005426                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52108.497163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52108.497163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81681.029556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81681.029556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79354.862078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79354.862078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79354.862078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79354.862078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
