
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.644082                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                644081574699                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               977810056488                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 226920                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   226920                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               48718317                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2373208                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13220.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       342592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    407488128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          407830720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       342592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        342592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     85057984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        85057984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         5353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      6367002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6372355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1329031                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1329031                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       531908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    632665401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             633197309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       531908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           531908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       132060887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            132060887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       132060887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       531908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    632665401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            765258196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6372355                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1329031                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6372355                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1329031                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                  407830720                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                85057984                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd            407830720                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             85057984                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    567                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0              425797                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1              381864                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2              457875                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3              398238                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4              305848                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5              454275                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6              434710                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7              366903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8              407501                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9              421490                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10             411005                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11             427659                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12             421987                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13             423695                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14             412019                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15             220922                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               87414                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               85047                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               87793                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               83415                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               77317                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               87237                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               84584                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               78960                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               84542                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               85226                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              84458                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              86524                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              88266                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              85550                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              86234                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              56464                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  644080109499                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6372355                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1329031                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 5022219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 1057872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  213661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   77990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   54571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   57733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   57783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   57783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   57783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   57784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   57784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   57784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   57784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   57784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  57784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  57784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  57784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  57784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  57784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  57784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  57784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  57784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  57784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  57784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  57784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  57784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  57783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   3213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1606266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    306.828981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   137.169807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   720.395129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       821825     51.16%     51.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       266722     16.61%     67.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193       124796      7.77%     75.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        72725      4.53%     80.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        46148      2.87%     82.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        34884      2.17%     85.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        26407      1.64%     86.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        23145      1.44%     88.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        17960      1.12%     89.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        15083      0.94%     90.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        12187      0.76%     91.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        11592      0.72%     91.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         9967      0.62%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         9186      0.57%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         8220      0.51%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         7641      0.48%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         6839      0.43%     94.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         6254      0.39%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         5377      0.33%     95.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         4832      0.30%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         4355      0.27%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         5080      0.32%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         3589      0.22%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         3735      0.23%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         3286      0.20%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         3149      0.20%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729         2827      0.18%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         2633      0.16%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         2397      0.15%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         2155      0.13%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         1916      0.12%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         1910      0.12%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         1625      0.10%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         1320      0.08%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241         1218      0.08%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305         1127      0.07%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369         1033      0.06%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433          932      0.06%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          903      0.06%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561          860      0.05%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625          827      0.05%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          769      0.05%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          742      0.05%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          741      0.05%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          643      0.04%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          604      0.04%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          667      0.04%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          564      0.04%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          526      0.03%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          538      0.03%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          547      0.03%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          600      0.04%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          501      0.03%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          527      0.03%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          522      0.03%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          502      0.03%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          471      0.03%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          486      0.03%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          496      0.03%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          437      0.03%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          364      0.02%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          519      0.03%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          443      0.03%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          597      0.04%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161         1105      0.07%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225          744      0.05%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          552      0.03%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          512      0.03%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          390      0.02%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          315      0.02%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          332      0.02%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          313      0.02%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          279      0.02%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          207      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          194      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          250      0.02%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          200      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          183      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          161      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          173      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          142      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          155      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          151      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          152      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          146      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          125      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          133      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          139      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          160      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          152      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          162      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          145      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          122      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          139      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          110      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          124      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          115      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273          125      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          121      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          121      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          103      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          104      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          122      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          134      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          116      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           98      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849           96      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          109      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          129      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          130      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          153      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          165      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          176      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          191      0.01%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          179      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          220      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          173      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          147      0.01%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          582      0.04%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          594      0.04%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          443      0.03%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          430      0.03%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          314      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          194      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           89      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           46      0.00%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           33      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          874      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1606266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  51585891537                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            185300307787                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                31858940000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              101855476250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      8095.98                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  15985.38                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29081.37                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       633.20                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       132.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               633.20                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               132.06                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.29                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.61                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  5577948                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  516583                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                38.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      83631.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    765258196                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             5642240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            5642240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1329031                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            730115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           730115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     14073741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               14073741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    492888704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           492888704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              492888704                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          6105100122                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        20289423920                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       522596451                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    450535089                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     10800386                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    298291789                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       268088182                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.874476                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        22486665                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       206927                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            487098023                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            2873070                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                  4368                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        489971093                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           165293357                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           1150313                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       166443670                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            652391380                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            4023383                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                  4377                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        656414763                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           241682036                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses            781402                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       242463438                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  106                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1934178903                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    486393185                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2473706292                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           522596451                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    290574847                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             438180508                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        63873096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      504670746                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       153063                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     20417626                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          289                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         241682036                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       7319302                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1499484264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.649705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.905235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1061303756     70.78%     70.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         30406531      2.03%     72.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         58018841      3.87%     76.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         24893190      1.66%     78.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         40385486      2.69%     81.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         21865623      1.46%     82.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         19154239      1.28%     83.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         80865768      5.39%     89.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        162590830     10.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1499484264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.270190                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.278944                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        542344895                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     473964126                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         406260609                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      27914725                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       48999908                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     41096021                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        686313                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2449092571                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       1913682                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       48999908                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        582021814                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       146291024                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    232384196                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         394397512                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      95389809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2412901823                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        137822                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4596384                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      56645951                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1697550950                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3085899554                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3047889206                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     38010348                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1432210184                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        265340731                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      8639700                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       342905                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         300799585                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    515274536                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    177040314                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     10820733                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      6738376                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2335477170                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       661164                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2228300499                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      2643299                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    316557790                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    166759570                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        39502                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1499484264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.486045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.890804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    759036975     50.62%     50.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    182101638     12.14%     62.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    162273646     10.82%     73.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     65969290      4.40%     77.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    182436313     12.17%     90.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    101878762      6.79%     96.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     38194055      2.55%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      5308373      0.35%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2285212      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1499484264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         2127534      8.57%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       13431937     54.08%     62.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       9276974     37.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3917938      0.18%      0.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1542617199     69.23%     69.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       778126      0.03%     69.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     69.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      9789948      0.44%     69.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            1      0.00%     69.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt      5873985      0.26%     70.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            1      0.00%     70.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      1957989      0.09%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    495100426     22.22%     92.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    168264886      7.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2228300499                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.152065                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            24836445                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011146                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5924072609                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2622619668                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2162610329                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     59492391                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     30112499                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     29718337                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2219472800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        29746206                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     28909974                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     92361817                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       283804                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        45101                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     36819541                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11497                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      2319865                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       48999908                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       101460511                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       4918345                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2375562789                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      3571763                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     515274536                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    177040314                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       342121                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        2399666                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        644293                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        45101                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      7152891                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      3935696                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     11088587                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2213783832                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     490585763                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     14516661                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              39424455                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            657031134                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        473124361                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          166445371                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.144560                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2198849436                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2192328666                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1236077688                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1632650676                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.133467                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.757099                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    328348207                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       621662                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     10131447                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1450484356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.399805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.299846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    882511321     60.84%     60.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    179457050     12.37%     73.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     61115389      4.21%     77.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     37490931      2.58%     80.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    126613322      8.73%     88.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     23390150      1.61%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     42291611      2.92%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     41836206      2.88%     96.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     55778376      3.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1450484356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2030394775                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2030394775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              563133487                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             422912714                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              310778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          439677549                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           29375871                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1971857062                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     16328100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      55778376                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3735905098                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4766627635                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 3734355                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               434694639                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.967089                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.967089                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.034031                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.034031                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2863807322                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1552026756                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          19929890                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         19579916                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         4617123                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2579545                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 2936362543                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         15139281.400735                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          15139281.400735                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg           19638.771150                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6372664                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 130181.679068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    21425269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6500870                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.295754                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    27482.326893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   161.390504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 101990.676065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         12.829747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        534.455861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.209674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.001231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.778127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.004078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.993207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        16313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4571413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 4587726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         17476950                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total              17476950                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13402681                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              13402681                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         16313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      17974094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 17990407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        16313                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     17974094                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                17990407                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5636887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               5642240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       730115                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              730115                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      6367002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6372355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      6367002                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6372355                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    420982932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 332029609141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    332450592073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  46356309160                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   46356309160                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    420982932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 378385918301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     378806901233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    420982932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 378385918301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    378806901233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        21666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10208300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            10229966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     17476950                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          17476950                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14132796                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          14132796                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        21666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24341096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             24362762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        21666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24341096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            24362762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.247069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.552187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.551540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051661                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.051661                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.247069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.261574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.261561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.247069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.261574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.261561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78644.298898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58903.009612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58921.738897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63491.791238                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63491.791238                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78644.298898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59429.213043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59445.354384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78644.298898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59429.213043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59445.354384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1329031                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1329031                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5636887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          5642240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       730115                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         730115                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6367002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6372355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6367002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6372355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    380376906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 288618882431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 288999259337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40740817196                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40740817196                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    380376906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 329359699627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 329740076533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    380376906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 329359699627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 329740076533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.247069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.552187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.551540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.247069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.261574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.261561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.247069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.261574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.261561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71058.641136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51201.821578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51220.660471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55800.548127                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55800.548127                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71058.641136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51729.165411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51745.402843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71058.641136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51729.165411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51745.402843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  4157457181                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           10229966                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          10229966                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         17476950                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         14132796                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        14132796                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        43332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     66159142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              66202474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1386624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2676354944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         2677741568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            2677741568                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        25572272796                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          22731271                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       25245139531                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2936362619                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 14728102.310094                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  14728102.310094                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             21666                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 4096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           840681872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             25762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          32632.632249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  2259.217769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1836.782231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.551567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.448433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    241657641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       241657641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    241657641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        241657641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    241657641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       241657641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        24380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         24380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        24380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          24380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        24380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         24380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    660457676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    660457676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    660457676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    660457676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    660457676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    660457676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    241682021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    241682021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    241682021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    241682021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    241682021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    241682021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27090.142576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27090.142576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27090.142576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27090.142576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27090.142576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27090.142576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7919                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1042                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                45                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   175.977778                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          521                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        21666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        21666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        21666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    486149460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    486149460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    486149460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    486149460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    486149460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    486149460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22438.357796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22438.357796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22438.357796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22438.357796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22438.357796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22438.357796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2936366536                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 36332212.035879                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  36332212.035879                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          24341096                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 4096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           558051204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          24345192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             22.922440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  4084.508924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    11.491076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    430648052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       430648052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    121100895                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      121100895                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       314396                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       314396                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    551748947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        551748947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    551748947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       551748947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     25013153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      25013153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18809100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     18809100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     43822253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       43822253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     43822253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      43822253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 972067626545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 972067626545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 330340113442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 330340113442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1587472                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1587472                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1302407739987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1302407739987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1302407739987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1302407739987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    455661205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    455661205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    139909995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    139909995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       314476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       314476                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    595571200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    595571200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    595571200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    595571200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.134437                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.134437                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000254                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38862.258850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38862.258850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17562.781496                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17562.781496                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19843.400000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19843.400000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29720.236885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29720.236885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29720.236885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29720.236885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     24557541                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           2968285                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.273310                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     17476950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          17476950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     14804540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     14804540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4676697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      4676697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19481237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     19481237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19481237                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     19481237                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10208613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10208613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14132403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     14132403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     24341016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     24341016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     24341016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     24341016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 354733924433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 354733924433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102649362120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 102649362120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1470800                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1470800                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 457383286553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 457383286553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 457383286553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 457383286553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34748.493692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34748.493692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7263.404682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7263.404682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        18385                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18385                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18790.640726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18790.640726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18790.640726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18790.640726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
