
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.449798                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                449798498500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               949798966500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 322618                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   322618                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               48371025                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2332252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9298.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        28416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     45624448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           45652864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        28416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         28416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     44926144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        44926144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       712882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              713326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        701971                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             701971                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        63175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    101433082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             101496257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        63175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            63175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        99880600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             99880600                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        99880600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        63175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    101433082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            201376857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      713326                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     701971                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    713326                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   701971                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   45652864                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                44926144                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             45652864                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             44926144                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               46365                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               47561                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               47443                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               45218                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               42543                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               41983                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               41548                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               43442                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               46031                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               47031                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              47143                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              45661                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              43123                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              42185                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              42216                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              43833                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               45399                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               46839                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               46724                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               44900                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               42482                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               41286                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               40690                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               42433                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               45473                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               46595                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              46420                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              45109                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              42936                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              41597                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              40862                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              42226                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  449784970500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                713326                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               701971                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  203525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  185791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  170338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  153663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                    9591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   30262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   30519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   30521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   30521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   30521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   30521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   30521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   30521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   30521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  30521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  30520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  30520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  30520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  30520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  30520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  30520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  30520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  30520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  30520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  30520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  30520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  30520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  20930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       120239                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    753.231547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   445.009994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   585.569036                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        20806     17.30%     17.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        11525      9.59%     26.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         6910      5.75%     32.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         5288      4.40%     37.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         2434      2.02%     39.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         2155      1.79%     40.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1895      1.58%     42.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         3150      2.62%     45.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         1749      1.45%     46.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         2776      2.31%     48.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         4042      3.36%     52.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         5709      4.75%     56.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1061      0.88%     57.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897          770      0.64%     58.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961          914      0.76%     59.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         2007      1.67%     60.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          875      0.73%     61.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         1017      0.85%     62.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         1947      1.62%     64.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         9716      8.08%     72.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         5988      4.98%     77.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         5731      4.77%     81.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         5399      4.49%     86.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537        15541     12.93%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          426      0.35%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           44      0.04%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           23      0.02%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          106      0.09%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           17      0.01%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            9      0.01%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            9      0.01%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           40      0.03%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            7      0.01%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            5      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            6      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           36      0.03%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            6      0.00%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            6      0.00%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            5      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           10      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            3      0.00%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.00%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.00%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           11      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            9      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            6      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            3      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            2      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            4      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            5      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       120239                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  31410925750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             39519428250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3566630000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                4541872500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     44034.46                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                   6367.18                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                55401.64                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       101.50                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        99.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               101.50                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                99.88                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.09                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.86                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   669194                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  625853                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 93.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     317802.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    201376857                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               50955                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              50955                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            701971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            662371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           662371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2128623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2128623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     90579008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            90579008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               90579008                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          3515532500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3380137250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       226362242                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    171368605                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      5007702                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    162462822                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       132667536                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.660243                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         6531842                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          592                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            465082064                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             144689                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        465226753                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           125083293                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            145372                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       125228665                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            590165357                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             290061                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        590455418                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           260223274                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              1122                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       260224396                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  525                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                899596997                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    263096892                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2190978508                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           226362242                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    139199378                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             393841655                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        23301723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      201572942                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          412                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         6595                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           99                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         260223274                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       1881837                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    876760321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.498948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.327634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        482918666     55.08%     55.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         45037041      5.14%     60.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         51403755      5.86%     66.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         19667570      2.24%     68.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         32296241      3.68%     72.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         21249206      2.42%     74.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         16011633      1.83%     76.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         12779217      1.46%     77.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        195396992     22.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    876760321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.251626                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.435511                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        304463186                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     163447636                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         328251268                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      62583281                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       18014949                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     45870712                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        226805                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2178792696                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts        479980                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       18014949                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        309244020                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        43008830                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13577606                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         385635878                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     107279037                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2168636847                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          2213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       47621320                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      56463963                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1806440358                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3177348089                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1797900935                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   1379447154                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1686180541                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        120259741                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1089341                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       139945                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         234562080                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    474427468                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    127090495                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     25163785                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      8342710                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2122763630                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       278869                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2081352231                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1346345                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    120111855                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     72373136                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1558                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    876760321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.373912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.663568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    125156900     14.27%     14.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    152840705     17.43%     31.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    221887688     25.31%     57.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    176711043     20.16%     77.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    102934906     11.74%     88.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     55162351      6.29%     95.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     30250008      3.45%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      8982166      1.02%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2834554      0.32%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    876760321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1189020      3.11%      3.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      3.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      3.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          1426      0.00%      3.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      3.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      3.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     15835707     41.43%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       17306150     45.27%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3893495     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          232      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     963090560     46.27%     46.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1461859      0.07%     46.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     46.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    266950531     12.83%     59.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp     15359805      0.74%     59.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     11343751      0.55%     60.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    230031423     11.05%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv          114      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    467450615     22.46%     93.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    125663341      6.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2081352231                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.313650                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            38225798                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.018366                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   3423119767                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1371119117                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1259241060                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   1655917157                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    872046730                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    808750533                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1277371458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       842206339                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     29873293                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     32100984                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        27419                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        11500                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4839637                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       135067                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       247660                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       18014949                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6181048                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1108428                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2140482044                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      6591482                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     474427468                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    127090495                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       139934                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         478554                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         46747                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        11500                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      2021733                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2835475                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4857208                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2075415858                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     465226888                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      5936371                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              17439545                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            590455555                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        208482812                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          125228667                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.307051                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2070885769                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2067991593                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1441788388                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1967982665                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.298798                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.732623                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    123209269                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       277311                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4780925                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    858745372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.348905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.522962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    212276174     24.72%     24.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    222623071     25.92%     50.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    157489730     18.34%     68.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     66861118      7.79%     76.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     42925382      5.00%     81.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     30764355      3.58%     85.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     19020623      2.21%     87.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     15001392      1.75%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     91783527     10.69%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    858745372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2017110886                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2017110886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              564577318                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             442326460                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              138393                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          197944349                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          791595074                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1461337968                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      6376513                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      91783527                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           2907177571                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4298719057                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  198520                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                22836676                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.449798                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.449798                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.223218                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.223218                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2022108066                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       993613762                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1048230612                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        749927573                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1225182                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         276900                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1               285                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               282                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008698                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008606                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 1899597323                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         735661.335281                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          735661.335281                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            2315.546190                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    713347                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32067.115409                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2837660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    745809                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.804808                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    21118.376223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    52.401225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 10822.804763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         73.533198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.644482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.001599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.330286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.002244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.978611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2044494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 2044494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1476608                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1476608                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       261455                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                261455                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       2305949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2305949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2305949                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2305949                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        50511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 50955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       662371                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              662371                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       712882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 713326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          444                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       712882                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                713326                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3701483250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3737732250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  59872595000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   59872595000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  63574078250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      63610327250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  63574078250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     63610327250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2095005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             2095449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1476608                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1476608                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       923826                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            923826                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3018831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              3019275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3018831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             3019275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.024317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.716987                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.716987                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.236145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.236257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.236145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.236257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81641.891892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73280.735879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73353.591404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90391.329029                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90391.329029                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81641.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89178.964050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89174.272703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81641.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89178.964050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89174.272703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               701971                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    701971                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        50511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            50955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       662371                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         662371                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       712882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            713326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       712882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           713326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     31159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3121473750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3152632750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52270768000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  52270768000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     31159000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55392241750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55423400750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     31159000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55392241750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55423400750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.024317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.716987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.716987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.236145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.236257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.236145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.236257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70177.927928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61797.900457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61870.920420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78914.638473                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78914.638473                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70177.927928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77701.838102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77697.154947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70177.927928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77701.838102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77697.154947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   639700917                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2095449                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2095449                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1476608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           923826                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          923826                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7514270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7515158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        28416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    287708096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          287736512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             287736512                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3724549500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            769000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4698254000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         1899597924                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 6784020.598233                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  6784020.598233                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           880.244937                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1260111695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1045735.846473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   271.825599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   608.419338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.265455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.594160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.859614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    260222625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       260222625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    260222625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        260222625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    260222625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       260222625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50562250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50562250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50562250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50562250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50562250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50562250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    260223269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    260223269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    260223269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    260223269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    260223269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    260223269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78512.810559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78512.810559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78512.810559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78512.810559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78512.810559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78512.810559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1030                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    68.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36701000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36701000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36701000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36701000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36701000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36701000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82659.909910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82659.909910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82659.909910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82659.909910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82659.909910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82659.909910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           80                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            4                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.078125                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.003906                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         1899597932                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 12739638.222033                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  12739638.222033                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      77.955970                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           3018831                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           549762199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           3019851                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            182.049445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1014.416721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     5.583279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.990641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.005452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    428842514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       428842514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    116513790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      116513790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       138173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       138173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    545356304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        545356304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    545356304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       545356304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6057751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       6057751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5598672                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5598672                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          220                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          220                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     11656423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       11656423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     11656423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      11656423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38846905500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38846905500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 388180794529                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 388180794529                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      2405000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2405000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 427027700029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 427027700029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 427027700029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 427027700029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    434900265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    434900265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    122112462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    122112462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       138393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       138393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    557012727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    557012727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    557012727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    557012727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045848                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045848                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001590                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.001590                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6412.760363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6412.760363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69334.441191                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69334.441191                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10931.818182                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10931.818182                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36634.540461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36634.540461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36634.540461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36634.540461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     25916630                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3580                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            233102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              39                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   111.181500                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    91.794872                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1476608                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1476608                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3962860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3962860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4674846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      4674846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8637706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      8637706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8637706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      8637706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2094891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2094891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       923826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       923826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3018717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3018717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3018717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3018717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10234511000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10234511000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  61335000720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  61335000720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1430500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1430500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  71569511720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  71569511720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  71569511720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  71569511720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007565                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007565                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000824                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000824                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4885.462299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4885.462299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66392.373369                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66392.373369                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12548.245614                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12548.245614                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23708.586038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23708.586038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23708.586038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23708.586038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
