
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.887495                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                887494948000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1388588764500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 321904                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   321904                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               95229396                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2228424                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9319.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       748928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    557740224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          558489152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       748928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        748928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    100998016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       100998016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        11702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      8714691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8726393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1578094                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1578094                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       843867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    628443266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             629287134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       843867                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           843867                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       113801229                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            113801229                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       113801229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       843867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    628443266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            743088363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     8726393                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1578094                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8726393                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1578094                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                  558489152                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               100998016                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd            558489152                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            100998016                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    467                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0              573152                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1              531955                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2              595121                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3              544372                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4              458538                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5              594522                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6              574246                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7              521496                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8              552659                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9              563768                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10             556769                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11             569941                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12             566238                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13             575206                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14             559380                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15             388563                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              102901                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              102430                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              102368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               98660                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               94809                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              101067                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               98491                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               95402                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              100174                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               98728                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              98420                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             100190                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             103223                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             101200                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             102563                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              77468                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  887493100000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               8726393                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1578094                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6858461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 1435862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  326208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  105308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   61855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   68500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   68589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   68607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   68612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   68613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   68613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   68613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   68613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   68613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  68613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  68613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  68613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  68613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  68613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  68613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  68613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  68613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  68612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  68612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  68612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  68612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  68612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   6758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1991989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    331.052013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   145.053497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   757.845660                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       960684     48.23%     48.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       341809     17.16%     65.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193       161185      8.09%     73.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        99276      4.98%     78.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        63632      3.19%     81.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        47308      2.37%     84.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        35193      1.77%     85.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        30817      1.55%     87.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        23669      1.19%     88.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        20152      1.01%     89.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        15575      0.78%     90.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        15471      0.78%     91.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        13013      0.65%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        11738      0.59%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        10285      0.52%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         9436      0.47%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         8571      0.43%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         7817      0.39%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         6185      0.31%     94.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         5940      0.30%     94.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         6057      0.30%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         6072      0.30%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         4563      0.23%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         4574      0.23%     95.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         4464      0.22%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         4367      0.22%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729         3808      0.19%     96.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         3505      0.18%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         3352      0.17%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         3154      0.16%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         3054      0.15%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         3071      0.15%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         2429      0.12%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         1861      0.09%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241         1678      0.08%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305         1393      0.07%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369         1292      0.06%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433         1191      0.06%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         1045      0.05%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561         1051      0.05%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625         1241      0.06%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689         1050      0.05%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          920      0.05%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          896      0.04%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          796      0.04%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          688      0.03%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          708      0.04%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          676      0.03%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          575      0.03%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          544      0.03%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          692      0.03%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          795      0.04%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          634      0.03%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          773      0.04%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          754      0.04%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          641      0.03%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          816      0.04%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          673      0.03%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777         1223      0.06%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          821      0.04%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          464      0.02%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          737      0.04%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          644      0.03%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097         1289      0.06%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161         3144      0.16%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225         2076      0.10%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289         1247      0.06%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353         1130      0.06%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          848      0.04%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          523      0.03%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          489      0.02%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          505      0.03%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          348      0.02%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          289      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          225      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          430      0.02%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          217      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          162      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          160      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          205      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          209      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          192      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          189      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          193      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          159      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          162      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          135      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          146      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          146      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          154      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          174      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          147      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          131      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          150      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          125      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          148      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          144      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273          210      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          243      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          231      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          205      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          169      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          163      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          185      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          165      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          168      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          166      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          231      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          245      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          201      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          242      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          229      0.01%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          281      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          302      0.02%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          291      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          271      0.01%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          220      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          197      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          356      0.02%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          542      0.03%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          607      0.03%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          631      0.03%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          445      0.02%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          271      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          124      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           73      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           42      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          793      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1991989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  65419573000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            250111113000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                43629630000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              141061910000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7497.15                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  16165.84                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28662.99                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       629.29                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       113.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               629.29                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               113.80                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.28                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.90                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  7590524                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  721489                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                45.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      86126.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    743088363                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             7933118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7933118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1578094                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            793275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           793275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19030880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               19030880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    659487168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           659487168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              659487168                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         11464619500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        41392993000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       543720339                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    467670260                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     10989078                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    312706202                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       282465221                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.329267                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        23627258                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       216067                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            498813815                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            3195768                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                  5208                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        502009583                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           168915449                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           1504234                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       170419683                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            667729264                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            4700002                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                  5218                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        672429266                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           264382111                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses            769704                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       265151815                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  106                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1774989896                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    296029604                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2602749222                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           543720339                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    306092479                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             466640845                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        76708244                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      501059565                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       154402                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     17799215                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          477                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         264382111                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       4766488                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1341623862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.939999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.048244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        874983017     65.22%     65.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         32506113      2.42%     67.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         66921324      4.99%     72.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         26599233      1.98%     74.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         42488516      3.17%     77.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         25020811      1.86%     79.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         20600091      1.54%     81.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         82093959      6.12%     87.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        170410798     12.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1341623862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.306323                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.466346                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        356048131                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     465875856                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         428973850                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      31428598                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       59297426                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     43224777                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        657080                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2570441035                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       1842825                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       59297426                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        395445059                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       166034903                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    207459268                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         419778279                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      93608926                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2528151571                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        316458                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        7482845                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      54652861                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1776827369                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3253375984                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3215238579                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     38137405                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1432210184                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        344617150                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      8697914                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       339418                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         292741684                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    533520889                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    188430803                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     12376618                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      7734662                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2411391417                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       659696                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2280433425                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      4503486                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    391856313                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    207780456                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        38034                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1341623862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.699756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.115333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    654056641     48.75%     48.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    148607937     11.08%     59.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    142912674     10.65%     70.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     74409499      5.55%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    123603316      9.21%     85.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     77344315      5.76%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6    106155241      7.91%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11568554      0.86%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2965685      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1341623862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         3172949     12.26%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       13511016     52.22%     64.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       9187766     35.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3917938      0.17%      0.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1575962755     69.11%     69.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       750410      0.03%     69.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     69.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      9789948      0.43%     69.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            1      0.00%     69.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt      5873989      0.26%     70.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            1      0.00%     70.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      1957989      0.09%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    509156633     22.33%     92.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    173023761      7.59%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2280433425                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.284759                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            25871731                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011345                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5873331822                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2773788867                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2208330341                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     59534101                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     30161628                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     29759409                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2272620315                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        29766903                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     33556095                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    110608171                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       432927                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        50201                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     48210030                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14776                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      6904864                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       59297426                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       116555651                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       6551805                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2453663379                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      7345250                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     533520889                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    188430803                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       338743                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        2756862                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        737293                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        50201                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      7394817                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      4137152                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     11531969                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2262697298                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     502688094                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     17736121                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              41612266                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            673110043                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        482105197                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          170421949                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.274766                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2246703413                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2238089750                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1303531514                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1724659995                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.260903                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.755819                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    403965007                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       621662                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     10346750                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1282326436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.583368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.554184                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    766821285     59.80%     59.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    153864752     12.00%     71.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     54704900      4.27%     76.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     29158497      2.27%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     97219936      7.58%     85.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     12640426      0.99%     86.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     31911086      2.49%     89.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     51948090      4.05%     93.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     84057464      6.56%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1282326436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2030394775                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2030394775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              563133487                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             422912714                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              310778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          439677549                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           29375871                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1971857062                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     16328100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      84057464                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3615084890                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4928231357                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 5346403                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               433366034                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.887495                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.887495                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.126767                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.126767                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2931709973                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1587301541                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          19971024                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         19579919                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         4617123                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2579545                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 1                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 1                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.000031                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.000031                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                 1353546078                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  421177749                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         4603123.548827                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         2461075.413369                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          7064198.962196                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 987                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 988                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 1371373.939210                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 426293.268219                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.762680                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.237320                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg             312.956391                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1          987                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2          988                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1     32341029                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2     32373796                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   8723498                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32597.014279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    24818692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   8755859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.834524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6874.371785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   136.198190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 25386.060320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        128.170057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         72.213926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.209789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.774721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.003911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.002204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.994782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2186474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2917350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5103824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         18702166                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total              18702166                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14824508                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              14824508                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       2186474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      17741858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 19928332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2186474                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     17741858                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                19928332                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      7921416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               7933118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       793275                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              793275                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8714691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8726393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11702                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8714691                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8726393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    952455000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 509153341250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    510105796250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  58463542250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   58463542250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    952455000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 567616883500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     568569338500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    952455000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 567616883500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    568569338500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2198176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10838766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            13036942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     18702166                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          18702166                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15617783                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          15617783                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2198176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26456549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             28654725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2198176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26456549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            28654725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.730841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.608511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050793                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.050793                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.304536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.304536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81392.497009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64275.546348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64300.795255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73698.959692                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73698.959692                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81392.497009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65133.334446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65155.137810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81392.497009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65133.334446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65155.137810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1578094                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1578094                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7921416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          7933118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       793275                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         793275                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8714691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8726393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8714691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8726393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    818058000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 418155214750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 418973272750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49357293750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49357293750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    818058000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 467512508500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 468330566500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    818058000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 467512508500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 468330566500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.730841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.608511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.304536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.304536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69907.537173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52787.937756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52813.190570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62219.651130                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62219.651130                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69907.537173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53646.481384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53668.287287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69907.537173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53646.481384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53668.287287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  3415051580                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           13036942                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13036942                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         18702166                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         15617783                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        15617783                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4396352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     71615264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              76011616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    140683264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2890157760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         3030841024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            3030841024                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        42380611500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3300194754                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       41804278723                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2777174046                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 6662429.003345                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  6662429.003345                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      53.224000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           2198176                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           380418166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           2199200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            172.980250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1007.255354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    16.744646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.983648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.016352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    262098487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       262098487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    262098487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        262098487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    262098487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       262098487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2283616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       2283616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2283616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        2283616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2283616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       2283616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19356770732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19356770732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19356770732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  19356770732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19356770732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  19356770732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    264382103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    264382103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    264382103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    264382103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    264382103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    264382103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8476.368502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8476.368502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8476.368502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8476.368502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8476.368502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8476.368502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8975                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               203                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    44.211823                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        85440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        85440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        85440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        85440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        85440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2198176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2198176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2198176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2198176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2198176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2198176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  14312517488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14312517488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  14312517488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14312517488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  14312517488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14312517488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6511.088051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6511.088051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6511.088051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6511.088051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6511.088051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6511.088051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           44                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.042969                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         1440599939                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          334660101                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 10793910.707014                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 1224299.998453                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  12018210.705467                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          327                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          327                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 4405504.400612                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 1023425.385321                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.811487                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.188513                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      10.046481                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1         4782                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1         9606                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        14388                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       320460                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       320460                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1    14.623853                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          26444977                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           987.833563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           553026618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          26445957                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             20.911575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   987.470560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.363003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.964327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    432312919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       432312919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    119604304                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      119604304                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       315645                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       315645                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    551917223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        551917223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    551917223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       551917223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     27858023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      27858023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     20305691                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     20305691                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     48163714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       48163714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     48163714                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      48163714                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1436321766960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1436321766960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 444070691948                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 444070691948                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      4549750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      4549750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1880392458908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1880392458908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1880392458908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1880392458908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    460170942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    460170942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    139909995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    139909995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       315862                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       315862                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    600080937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    600080937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    600080937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    600080937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.145134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.145134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000687                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000687                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.080262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.080262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51558.639569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51558.639569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21869.272607                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21869.272607                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20966.589862                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20966.589862                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39041.683100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39041.683100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39041.683100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39041.683100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     42630795                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           6943518                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.139654                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     18702166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          18702166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17019183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     17019183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4688199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      4688199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     21707382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     21707382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     21707382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     21707382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10838840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10838840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15617492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     15617492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26456332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     26456332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26456332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     26456332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 537771213770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 537771213770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 165908920079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 165908920079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      4101250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4101250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 703680133849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 703680133849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 703680133849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 703680133849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.111625                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111625                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000687                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000687                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49615.199945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49615.199945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10623.275496                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10623.275496                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18899.769585                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18899.769585                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26597.796469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26597.796469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26597.796469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26597.796469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
