
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.642494                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                642494041000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1143560940500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 281724                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   281724                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               60335338                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2207060                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10648.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst         1472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     77555520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           77556992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         1472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          1472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     54630720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        54630720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1211805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1211828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        853605                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             853605                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         2291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    120710100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             120712391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         2291                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             2291                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        85029147                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             85029147                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        85029147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         2291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    120710100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            205741538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1211828                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     853605                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1211828                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   853605                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   77556992                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                54630720                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             77556992                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             54630720                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    620                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               73763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               74202                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               75134                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               75800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               74022                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               82371                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               81143                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               80281                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               77687                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               77031                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              77882                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              79934                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              73423                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              70790                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              69486                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              68259                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               51649                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               52296                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               53810                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               54171                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               52258                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               57193                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               56431                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               56502                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               55070                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               54523                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              54575                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              56638                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              51136                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              49620                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              49081                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              48652                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  639826611500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1211828                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               853605                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1080427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   95358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   24490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   10930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   34198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   37039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   37111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   37114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   37114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   37114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   37113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   37113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   37113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   37113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  37113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  37113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  37113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  37113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  37113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  37113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  37113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  37113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  37113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  37113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  37113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  37113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  37113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       870283                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    151.777829                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.854237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   434.737598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       651194     74.83%     74.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        97187     11.17%     85.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        32345      3.72%     89.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        19518      2.24%     91.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        12446      1.43%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         8960      1.03%     94.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         6551      0.75%     95.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         6714      0.77%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         3684      0.42%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         2777      0.32%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         2322      0.27%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         2217      0.25%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1626      0.19%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1410      0.16%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1267      0.15%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1126      0.13%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1114      0.13%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          994      0.11%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          863      0.10%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          831      0.10%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          853      0.10%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          983      0.11%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         7594      0.87%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         1025      0.12%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          598      0.07%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          380      0.04%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          227      0.03%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          187      0.02%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          156      0.02%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          103      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           91      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           99      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           86      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           74      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           79      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           59      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           40      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           42      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           44      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           33      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           33      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           30      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           32      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           25      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           23      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           29      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           29      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           16      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           21      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           13      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            9      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           12      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           11      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           18      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           11      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           14      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            7      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           14      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           13      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            9      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           10      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           17      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            3      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            9      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            6      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            5      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           14      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            8      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           15      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            4      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            4      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            7      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            5      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            8      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929           11      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            7      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            7      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            8      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            5      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            6      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            9      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            7      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            6      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            3      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            9      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            7      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            3      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            3      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            4      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            5      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            4      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            5      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            4      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            7      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            4      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            4      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            4      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            4      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            4      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            4      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            5      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           10      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            4      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            4      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            4      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            6      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            7      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            8      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           10      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            6      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           15      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           18      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         1617      0.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8768-8769            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9088-9089            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9216-9217            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9280-9281            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       870283                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  18522273500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             51642562250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 6056040000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               27064248750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15292.40                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  22344.84                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42637.24                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       120.71                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        85.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               120.71                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                85.03                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.08                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.51                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   795201                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  399323                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 65.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                46.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     309778.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    205741538                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              605472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             605472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            853605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            606356                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           606356                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3277261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3277261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    132187712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           132187712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              132187712                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          4447136500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5747444000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       345460821                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    291853055                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     16165039                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    188430771                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       186490717                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.970416                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        12516196                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           35                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            698088886                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            7839697                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        705928583                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           183525421                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           8819968                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       192345389                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            881614307                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           16659665                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        898273972                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           353877506                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              9915                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       353887421                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1284988082                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    366018193                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3308917108                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           345460821                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    199006913                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             549047342                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       139556815                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      225066461                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          177                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        30651                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         353877506                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       6366288                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1257469256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.631410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.383665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        708421914     56.34%     56.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         43158205      3.43%     59.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         23832877      1.90%     61.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         30051996      2.39%     64.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         65316582      5.19%     69.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         38264447      3.04%     72.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         37481172      2.98%     75.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         37074938      2.95%     78.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        273867125     21.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1257469256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.268844                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.575057                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        408272989                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     195365389                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         506290702                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      30233949                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      117306226                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     40143630                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3233596351                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           701                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      117306226                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        435775336                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       105534217                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles         4336                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         507633860                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      91215280                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3154994006                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        9051761                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      71849694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2571992593                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4332715192                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4332692908                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        22284                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1642742419                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        929250140                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         234548515                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    771530570                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    247529481                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    101576769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     65076383                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         3025606776                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2743927266                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      6039018                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1020343810                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    526818394                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1257469256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.182103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.041430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    395141738     31.42%     31.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    167065245     13.29%     44.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    179977839     14.31%     59.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    179765528     14.30%     73.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    130656685     10.39%     83.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    106518670      8.47%     92.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     70503164      5.61%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     23352411      1.86%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4487976      0.36%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1257469256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         3035958     25.88%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     25.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        8228305     70.14%     96.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        466492      3.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           84      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1823781561     66.47%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         1311      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd          328      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          436      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            7      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv           50      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    723903777     26.38%     92.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    196239712      7.15%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2743927266                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.135372                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            11730755                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.004275                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6763080484                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   4045981269                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2647116103                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        13072                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        16092                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         4862                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2755650948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses            6989                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     52164084                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    254688548                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       145106                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        48128                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     92628826                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          850                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1194112                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      117306226                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        71798224                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        744803                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   3031181847                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     12446411                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     771530570                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    247529481                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         369567                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         10566                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        48128                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      8696803                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     10368079                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     19064882                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2701081844                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     705928637                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     42845417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               5575071                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            898274039                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        268126398                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          192345402                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.102029                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2675102473                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2647120965                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1796418883                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        2277037558                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.060035                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.788928                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    855185651                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     16164833                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1140163030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.758329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.628762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    575541004     50.48%     50.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    186838191     16.39%     66.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    110349877      9.68%     76.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     67780903      5.94%     82.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25208423      2.21%     84.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     16275758      1.43%     86.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     18837604      1.65%     87.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     15987568      1.40%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    123343702     10.82%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1140163030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2004781352                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2004781352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              671742670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             516842016                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                   0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          210045741                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                650                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1984437640                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      7766450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     123343702                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3807296963                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5837430190                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  380845                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                27518826                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.642494                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.642494                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.556435                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.556435                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3671345976                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      2215615613                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads              4835                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              660                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads              84                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes             42                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.000092                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.000092                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                  742908626                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  542242028                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         2268620.036221                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         1597569.613550                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          3866189.649772                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 341                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 340                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 2178617.671554                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 1594829.494118                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.578071                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.421929                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg             331.429990                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1         1023                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2         1020                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1     11172865                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2     11140100                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1209205                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32549.992361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    22514895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1241965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     18.128446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    18794.436335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.348971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 13575.560004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        179.647052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.573561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.414293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.005482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.993347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14181816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                14181816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          7328718                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               7328718                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3151068                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3151068                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      17332884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 17332884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     17332884                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                17332884                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       605449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                605472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       606356                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              606356                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1211805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1211828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1211805                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1211828                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1767250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44616165500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44617932750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51244951250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   51244951250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1767250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  95861116750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      95862884000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1767250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  95861116750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     95862884000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14787265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            14787288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7328718                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           7328718                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3757424                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3757424                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18544689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             18544712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18544689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            18544712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.040945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.161375                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.161375                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.065346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.065346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76836.956522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73691.038386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73691.157890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84512.977937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84512.977937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76836.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79106.058112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79106.015045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76836.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79106.058112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79106.015045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               853605                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    853605                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       605449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           605472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       606356                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         606356                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1211805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1211828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1211805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1211828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1502750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37662770500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37664273250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44280066750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44280066750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1502750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81942837250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  81944340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1502750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81942837250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  81944340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.040945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.161375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.161375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.065346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.065346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65336.956522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62206.346860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62206.465782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73026.517013                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73026.517013                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65336.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67620.481224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67620.437884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65336.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67620.481224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67620.437884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2577299421                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           14787288                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          14787288                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          7328718                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3757424                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3757424                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     44418096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              44418142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1655898048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1655899520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1655899520                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20265433000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             40250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       28106972500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2287121879                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 8917713.161879                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  8917713.161879                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      53.224000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           751.696534                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1356009387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               757                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1791293.774108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    19.422430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   732.274104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.018967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.715111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.734079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    353877481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       353877481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    353877481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        353877481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    353877481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       353877481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total             25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total            25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1971250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1971250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1971250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1971250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1971250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1971250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    353877506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    353877506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    353877506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    353877506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    353877506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    353877506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        78850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        78850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        78850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        78850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1790250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1790250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1790250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1790250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1790250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1790250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77836.956522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77836.956522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77836.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77836.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77836.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77836.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           36                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.035156                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1          929131879                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          356885962                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 11773603.812369                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 4368000.012250                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  16141603.824619                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          884                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          884                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 1051054.161765                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 403717.151584                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.722488                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.277512                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      10.324781                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1        10161                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1        21663                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        31824                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       873392                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       873392                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1    11.494344                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          18515134                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           997.081455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           772684843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          18516122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             41.730382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   995.688810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     1.392644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.972352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    621665906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       621665906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    148274400                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      148274400                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    769940306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        769940306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    769940306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       769940306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     23071827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      23071827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6626254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6626254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     29698081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       29698081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     29698081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      29698081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 360829791750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 360829791750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 204223878574                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 204223878574                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 565053670324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 565053670324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 565053670324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 565053670324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    644737733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    644737733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    154900654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    154900654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    799638387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    799638387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    799638387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    799638387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042777                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042777                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15639.411294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15639.411294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30820.412042                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30820.412042                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19026.605467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19026.605467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19026.605467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19026.605467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      6562649                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         5233                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            514023                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              98                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.767228                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    53.397959                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7328718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7328718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8284552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      8284552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2868840                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2868840                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11153392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     11153392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11153392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     11153392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14787275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14787275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3757414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3757414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18544689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18544689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18544689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18544689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 134486146750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 134486146750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  71350272046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  71350272046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 205836418796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 205836418796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 205836418796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 205836418796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024257                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024257                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9094.721424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9094.721424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18989.196305                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18989.196305                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11099.480762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11099.480762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11099.480762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11099.480762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
