
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.852832                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                852831562500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1353134267500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 253483                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   253483                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               72059392                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2214756                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11835.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      1486592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     73609920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           75096512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1486592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1486592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     40710656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        40710656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        23228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1150155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1173383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        636104                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             636104                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1743125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     86312378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              88055503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1743125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1743125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        47735869                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             47735869                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        47735869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1743125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     86312378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            135791372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1173383                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     636104                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1173383                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   636104                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   75096512                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                40710656                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             75096512                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             40710656                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    101                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               74294                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               73251                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               73918                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               70391                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               74368                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               76336                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               75758                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               73534                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               68459                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               71933                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              69828                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              72682                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              74296                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              74867                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              75171                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              74196                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               39729                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               40032                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               38767                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               38604                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               40249                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               41492                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               42100                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               39774                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               37805                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               38656                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              38112                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              39801                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              40603                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              39956                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              39951                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              40473                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  852829014000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1173383                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               636104                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  864113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  237107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   53718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   18293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   23282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   27489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   27649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   4375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       869432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    133.189521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    94.134909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   220.944914                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       569812     65.54%     65.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       159013     18.29%     83.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        60483      6.96%     90.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        23745      2.73%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        12842      1.48%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         7691      0.88%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         5668      0.65%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         4228      0.49%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         3231      0.37%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         2675      0.31%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         2126      0.24%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         2011      0.23%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1623      0.19%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1376      0.16%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1253      0.14%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1204      0.14%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          900      0.10%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          771      0.09%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          734      0.08%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          870      0.10%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          584      0.07%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          490      0.06%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          641      0.07%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         1195      0.14%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          427      0.05%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          309      0.04%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          244      0.03%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          445      0.05%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          183      0.02%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          145      0.02%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          162      0.02%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          296      0.03%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          136      0.02%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177          116      0.01%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241          116      0.01%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          206      0.02%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369          118      0.01%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           87      0.01%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           90      0.01%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561          149      0.02%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           61      0.01%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           68      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           63      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          111      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           56      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           54      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           38      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           93      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           44      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           24      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           37      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           60      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           23      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           23      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           24      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           23      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           21      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           20      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           17      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           25      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           20      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           11      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           12      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           18      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            9      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            7      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       869432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  26260088750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             57292958750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5866410000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               25166460000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22381.74                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  21449.63                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                48831.36                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        88.06                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        47.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                88.06                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                47.74                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.07                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.91                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   707721                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  232217                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 60.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                36.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     471309.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    135791372                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              670003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             670003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            636104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            503380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           503380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2982870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2982870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    115807168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           115807168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              115807168                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          3449159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5565346500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       546876827                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    388626200                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     31699597                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    375322693                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       278506179                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     74.204460                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        50259011                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       914320                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            804753696                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses           16186387                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                105014                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        820940083                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           426474076                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           3398856                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                 1039                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       429872932                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1231227772                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           19585243                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                106053                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1250813015                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           522653587                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses           1544015                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       524197602                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 1471                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1705663125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    651287180                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3551073207                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           546876827                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    328765190                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             674918197                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       178158564                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      177206114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       211475                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     13855007                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          782                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         522653587                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      14252413                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1655949682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.144433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.041346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        981031485     59.24%     59.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         64028315      3.87%     63.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         67213588      4.06%     67.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         66783590      4.03%     71.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         75453022      4.56%     75.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         62598187      3.78%     79.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         69620944      4.20%     83.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         34026149      2.05%     85.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        235194402     14.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1655949682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.320624                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.081931                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        697223461                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     165164851                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         643084364                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      14536136                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      135940869                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     70104516                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred       2616638                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3441134343                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       8711003                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      135940869                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        724352346                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        47594484                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     71523251                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         628928749                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      47609982                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3347988809                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         18123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        1140029                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      39643971                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2292770871                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4139194869                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4111221820                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     27973049                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1397224081                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        895546774                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2243049                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1753061                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         131596341                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1050775474                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    500806503                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     58928200                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15624899                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         3111658413                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3187909                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2619136023                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     17561565                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1102648742                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    750441280                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       523982                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1655949682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.581652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.808207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    699222640     42.22%     42.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    262935036     15.88%     58.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    237627706     14.35%     72.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    166151008     10.03%     82.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    147080130      8.88%     91.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     84027223      5.07%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     41151470      2.49%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     14908656      0.90%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2845813      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1655949682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1875800      2.72%      2.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      2.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      2.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             5      0.00%      2.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp        127789      0.19%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       39610564     57.35%     60.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      27455976     39.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          138      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1298007278     49.56%     49.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       441261      0.02%     49.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     49.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3378817      0.13%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      1388907      0.05%     49.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       576097      0.02%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult       128253      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       128413      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    879038075     33.56%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    436048784     16.65%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2619136023                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.535553                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            69070134                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.026371                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6953018682                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   4191710832                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2476529359                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27834743                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     26107156                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12589536                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2674214994                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        13991025                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     90853653                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    380872491                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       692057                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       330080                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    187985999                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          291                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1205253                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      135940869                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        28219394                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1229770                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   3183250741                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      9059618                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1050775474                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    500806503                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1727546                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         934556                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        255342                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       330080                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     26417149                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      7191673                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     33608822                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2539395517                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     821531854                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     79740504                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              68404419                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1251629374                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        387813189                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          430097520                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.488802                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2517229260                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2489118895                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1350358383                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1895864423                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.459326                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.712265                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    946370809                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2663927                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     29169539                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1520008813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.346072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.272758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    863880834     56.83%     56.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    270129738     17.77%     74.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    113511650      7.47%     82.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     55295158      3.64%     85.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     44382216      2.92%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     36948707      2.43%     91.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     23596748      1.55%     92.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     18960811      1.25%     93.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     93302951      6.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1520008813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2046040684                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2046040684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              982723480                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             669902978                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars             1331228                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          320071823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            9094135                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1970277568                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     30290140                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      93302951                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4326108348                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          6120968177                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 1414205                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                49713443                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.852832                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.852832                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.172564                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.172564                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3213619982                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1715980051                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          11120048                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          7680937                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         3098933                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2662525                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 2                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 2                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.000061                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.000061                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 2706268375                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         2759833.904383                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          2759833.904383                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg             389.277000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1173748                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32627.074630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    18169166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1206276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     15.062196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11557.023258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1098.508518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 18607.207757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        122.000534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       1242.334564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.352692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.033524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.567847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.003723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.037913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9397211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4758409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                14155620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          2437161                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               2437161                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       414560                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                414560                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       9397211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       5172969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 14570180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9397211                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5172969                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                14570180                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       646775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                670003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       503380                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              503380                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1150155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1173383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23228                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1150155                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1173383                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2133927500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56681903750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58815831250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41330382750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   41330382750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2133927500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  98012286500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     100146214000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2133927500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  98012286500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    100146214000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9420439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5405184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            14825623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2437161                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           2437161                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       917940                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            917940                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9420439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6323124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             15743563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9420439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6323124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            15743563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.045192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.548380                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.548380                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.074531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.074531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91868.757534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87637.746898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87784.429697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82105.730760                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82105.730760                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91868.757534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85216.589503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85348.274178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91868.757534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85216.589503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85348.274178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               636104                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    636104                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       646775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           670003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       503380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         503380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1150155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1173383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1150155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1173383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1867204500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49249600250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51116804750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35551950250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35551950250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1867204500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  84801550500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  86668755000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1867204500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  84801550500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  86668755000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.045192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.548380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.548380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.074531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.074531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80385.935078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76146.419157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76293.396821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70626.465593                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70626.465593                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80385.935078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73730.541101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73862.289636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80385.935078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73730.541101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73862.289636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  1364356559                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           14825623                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          14825623                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          2437161                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           917940                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          917940                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18840878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15083409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              33924287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    602908096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    560658240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1163566336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1163566336                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        11527523000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       14138091759                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9763009969                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2706268535                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 13170870.156611                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  13170870.156611                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      53.224000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           9420439                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           768315614                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           9421463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             81.549502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   985.877506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    38.122494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.962771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.037229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    513029492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       513029492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    513029492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        513029492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    513029492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       513029492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9624085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       9624085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9624085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        9624085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9624085                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       9624085                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  78665093668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78665093668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  78665093668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  78665093668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  78665093668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  78665093668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    522653577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    522653577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    522653577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    522653577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    522653577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    522653577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8173.773784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8173.773784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8173.773784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8173.773784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8173.773784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8173.773784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        20183                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               340                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    59.361765                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            8                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       203646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       203646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       203646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       203646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       203646                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       203646                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9420439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      9420439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9420439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9420439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9420439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9420439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  58575464224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58575464224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  58575464224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58575464224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  58575464224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58575464224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6217.912374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6217.912374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6217.912374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6217.912374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6217.912374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6217.912374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           38                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.037109                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         2706268534                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 21538367.375061                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  21538367.375061                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      12.584000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6323124                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1070815929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6324148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            169.321769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1015.943417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     8.056583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.992132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.007868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    702123158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       702123158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    307321606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      307321606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1448076                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1448076                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1009444764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1009444764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1009444764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1009444764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9242734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       9242734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4167667                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4167667                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2063                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2063                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     13410401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       13410401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     13410401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      13410401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 214453091688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 214453091688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 230393588543                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 230393588543                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     16510500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     16510500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 444846680231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 444846680231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 444846680231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 444846680231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    711365892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    711365892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    311489273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    311489273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1450139                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1450139                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1022855165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1022855165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1022855165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1022855165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013380                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013380                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001423                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.001423                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23202.343775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23202.343775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55281.189342                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55281.189342                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8003.150751                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8003.150751                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33171.765724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33171.765724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33171.765724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33171.765724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      8865499                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1495                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            194767                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              17                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    45.518486                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    87.941176                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2437161                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2437161                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3839521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3839521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3249819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3249819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7089340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7089340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7089340                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7089340                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5403213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5403213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       917848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       917848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2063                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         2063                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6321061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6321061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6321061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6321061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  86178942029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  86178942029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44413493593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44413493593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12384500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12384500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 130592435622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 130592435622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 130592435622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 130592435622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002947                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002947                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001423                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001423                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15949.573343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15949.573343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48388.724051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48388.724051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6003.150751                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6003.150751                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20659.891689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20659.891689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20659.891689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20659.891689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
