
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.978320                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                978319772928                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1311359504823                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 203439                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   203439                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               66342670                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2358200                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14746.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        53952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1474278400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1474332352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        53952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         53952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    344265536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       344265536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     23035600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            23036443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       5379149                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            5379149                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        55148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1506949405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1507004553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        55148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            55148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       351894693                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            351894693                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       351894693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        55148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1506949405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1858899246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    23036444                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    5379149                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  23036444                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  5379149                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1474332352                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               344265536                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1474332352                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            344265536                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    290                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1440351                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1439659                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1440181                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1440129                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1440377                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1439952                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1440194                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1439810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1439207                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1439936                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1439406                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1439213                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1439458                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1439475                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1439241                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1439565                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              336305                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              335765                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              336066                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              336885                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              337030                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              336250                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              337259                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              336819                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              335847                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              336619                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             336461                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             335409                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             336225                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             336031                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             334899                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             335276                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  978319563471                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              23036444                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              5379149                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                14880287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 5999661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 1825364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  330826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  202946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  233609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  233855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  233875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  233875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  233876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  233876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  233876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  233876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  233876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 233876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 233876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 233876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 233876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 233876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 233876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 233876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 233876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 233876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 233876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 233876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 233875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 233875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  30930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2520253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    721.570096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   221.011897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1490.584479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65      1260429     50.01%     50.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       124285      4.93%     54.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        70129      2.78%     57.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        57561      2.28%     60.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        49666      1.97%     61.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        45660      1.81%     63.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        46026      1.83%     65.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        44331      1.76%     67.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        36231      1.44%     68.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        42049      1.67%     70.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        52784      2.09%     72.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        55677      2.21%     74.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        46037      1.83%     76.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        35242      1.40%     78.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        29069      1.15%     79.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025        35462      1.41%     80.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089        40102      1.59%     82.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153        26843      1.07%     83.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217        30807      1.22%     84.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281        33519      1.33%     85.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345        33028      1.31%     87.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409        32835      1.30%     88.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        48810      1.94%     90.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537        20437      0.81%     91.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601        17513      0.69%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665        14470      0.57%     92.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729        10853      0.43%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         7702      0.31%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         5683      0.23%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         4412      0.18%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         3783      0.15%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         3522      0.14%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         3660      0.15%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         3216      0.13%     94.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241         2706      0.11%     94.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305         2417      0.10%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369         2345      0.09%     94.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433         2074      0.08%     94.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         1975      0.08%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561         1728      0.07%     94.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625         1680      0.07%     94.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689         1582      0.06%     94.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753         1662      0.07%     94.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817         1588      0.06%     94.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881         1839      0.07%     94.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945         1701      0.07%     95.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009         1425      0.06%     95.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073         1532      0.06%     95.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137         1500      0.06%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201         5333      0.21%     95.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265         1539      0.06%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329         1504      0.06%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393         1401      0.06%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457         1330      0.05%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521         1231      0.05%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585         1174      0.05%     95.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649         1194      0.05%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713         1218      0.05%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777         1097      0.04%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841         1083      0.04%     95.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905         1141      0.05%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969         1215      0.05%     96.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          948      0.04%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          990      0.04%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          974      0.04%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225         4525      0.18%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          851      0.03%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          688      0.03%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          618      0.02%     96.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          706      0.03%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          599      0.02%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          593      0.02%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          601      0.02%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          571      0.02%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          547      0.02%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          498      0.02%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          533      0.02%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          551      0.02%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          525      0.02%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          495      0.02%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          458      0.02%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          453      0.02%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          504      0.02%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          397      0.02%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          427      0.02%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          387      0.02%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          444      0.02%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          398      0.02%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          435      0.02%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          358      0.01%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          361      0.01%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          310      0.01%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          320      0.01%     96.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          350      0.01%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          302      0.01%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          382      0.02%     96.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          401      0.02%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273         3710      0.15%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          271      0.01%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          302      0.01%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          241      0.01%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          247      0.01%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          278      0.01%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          259      0.01%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          255      0.01%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          310      0.01%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          285      0.01%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          336      0.01%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          402      0.02%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          418      0.02%     97.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          423      0.02%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          595      0.02%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          480      0.02%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          462      0.02%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          439      0.02%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          812      0.03%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          160      0.01%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          171      0.01%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          128      0.01%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          148      0.01%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          158      0.01%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          170      0.01%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          147      0.01%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          133      0.01%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          120      0.00%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065          204      0.01%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129          121      0.00%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        65521      2.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2520253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 141912849465                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            614089613215                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               115180770000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              356995993750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      6160.44                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  15497.20                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26657.64                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1507.00                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       351.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1507.00                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               351.89                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        14.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.63                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       9.80                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 21239676                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 4655350                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      34428.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1858899180                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            18161028                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           18161027                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           5379149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4875416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4875415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     51452035                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               51452035                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1818597824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1818597824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1818597824                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         23792445405                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        73608685458                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       106147551                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    105992324                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       409179                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    105983439                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       105557601                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.598203                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           22934                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         1140                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            403206209                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1555463                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        404761672                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           127829876                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            151897                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       127981773                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            531036085                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1707360                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        532743445                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           212710341                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       212710466                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               2937897220                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    430327501                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2169777528                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           106147551                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    105580535                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             326488461                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        19243285                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     1863419555                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4260                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           48                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         212710341                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        356108                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2633125812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.824031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.276098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       2306637351     87.60%     87.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          3713058      0.14%     87.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2815622      0.11%     87.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4394679      0.17%     88.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         65360642      2.48%     90.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          6401577      0.24%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          7417695      0.28%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         81788938      3.11%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        154596250      5.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2633125812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.036130                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.738548                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        474044539                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    1820744899                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         298684895                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      26769907                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       12881571                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       126402                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          4236                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2162566312                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          7593                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       12881571                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        497379052                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      1655799723                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        87706                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         300196059                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     166781700                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2150189206                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        521414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       47301248                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     110968907                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1912025939                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3393134391                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1192563955                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   2200570436                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1772716426                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        139309447                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         4140                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          237                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         377611350                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    409136209                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    131728330                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      9427258                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4492490                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2076670941                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          464                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2044964218                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7654159                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     76656505                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     67166046                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2633125812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.776630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.360700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1766633497     67.09%     67.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    259049781      9.84%     76.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    299702440     11.38%     88.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    163802127      6.22%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     80696340      3.06%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     24921264      0.95%     98.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     23719520      0.90%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11412368      0.43%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3188475      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2633125812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          103554      0.15%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        495112      0.72%      0.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     52311487     76.13%     77.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv       9769965     14.22%     91.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt       135179      0.20%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     91.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        2869542      4.18%     95.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3028242      4.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          104      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     759987081     37.16%     37.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         4827      0.00%     37.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    307380417     15.03%     52.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp    104080141      5.09%     57.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     56243140      2.75%     60.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    270465880     13.23%     73.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     10688669      0.52%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt      1845242      0.09%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    406273100     19.87%     93.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    127995617      6.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2044964218                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.696064                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            68713081                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.033601                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4282273143                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    869276385                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    820312239                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   2517148342                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   1284053772                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1208703050                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      823893710                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      1289783485                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      5834349                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     19661849                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          651                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2248                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4329842                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          340                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     10314239                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       12881571                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      1440117754                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      24421173                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2077367179                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     28925183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     409136209                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    131728330                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          236                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       13565599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        203530                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         2248                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       400868                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7756                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       408624                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2041921454                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     404761692                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      3042761                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                695774                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            532743512                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        102182961                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          127981820                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.695028                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2030765853                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2029015289                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1367887930                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1822304237                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.690635                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.750636                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     73514114                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405063                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2620244241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.763538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.005250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   2124950020     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    144919592      5.53%     86.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     76213831      2.91%     89.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     44050691      1.68%     91.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33460335      1.28%     92.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     18805815      0.72%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     10927371      0.42%     93.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     57609310      2.20%     95.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    109307276      4.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2620244241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2000657346                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2000657346                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              516872820                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             389474332                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 224                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           99903220                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1203315135                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1309260647                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        18358                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     109307276                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4582107648                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4161224655                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 3785652                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               304771408                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.468949                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.468949                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.680759                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.680759                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1620611469                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       758802133                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1606229520                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1040264386                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads            4054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes            500                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              1074                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1074                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008194                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008194                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                 2585757682                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  365386418                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         9176361.273421                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         981120.000025                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          10157481.273447                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 160                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 160                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 16160985.512500                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 2283665.112500                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.876188                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.123812                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            5169.422405                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1       171840                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2       171840                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1     20799680                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2     20799680                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  22996766                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 129575.208470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3305645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  23126273                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.142939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    22157.142944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     5.584028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 106881.460322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        531.021175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.169046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.815441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.004051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.988580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2690022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 2690022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5417803                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5417803                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2872                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2872                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       2692894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2692894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2692894                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2692894                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18160185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              18161028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4875416                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4875416                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     23035601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               23036444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          843                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     23035601                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              23036444                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     48125284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1001840408792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1001888534076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 312313158207                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  312313158207                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     48125284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1314153566999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1314201692283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     48125284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1314153566999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1314201692283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     20850207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            20851050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5417803                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5417803                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4878288                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4878288                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     25728495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             25729338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     25728495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            25729338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.870983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.870989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999411                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999411                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.895334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.895338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.895334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.895338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57088.118624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55166.861394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55166.950575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64058.771232                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64058.771232                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57088.118624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57048.807496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57048.808934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57088.118624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57048.807496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57048.808934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              5379149                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   5379149                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18160185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         18161028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4875416                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4875416                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23035601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          23036444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23035601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         23036444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41666168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 861601529962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 861643196130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 274656584493                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 274656584493                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41666168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1136258114455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1136299780623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41666168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1136258114455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1136299780623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.870983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.870989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.895334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.895338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.895334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.895338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 49426.059312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47444.534842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47444.626820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56335.004950                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56335.004950                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 49426.059312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49326.176228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49326.179884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 49426.059312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49326.176228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49326.179884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2037592361                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           20851050                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          20851049                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5417803                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4878288                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4878287                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     56874791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              56876477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        53952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1993362944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1993416896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1993416896                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        13980254751                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            981227                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       28804072604                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         3938016518                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 12962567.968434                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  12962567.968434                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                20                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2060.094196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1212826513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          443608.819678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   171.830858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1888.263338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.041951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.461002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.502953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    212709151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       212709151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    212709151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        212709151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    212709151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       212709151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1187                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1187                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65049922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65049922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65049922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     65049922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65049922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     65049922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    212710338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    212710338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    212710338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    212710338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    212710338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    212710338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54801.956192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54801.956192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54801.956192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54801.956192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54801.956192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54801.956192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          457                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    57.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          344                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     48973435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48973435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     48973435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48973435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     48973435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48973435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58094.228944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58094.228944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58094.228944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58094.228944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58094.228944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58094.228944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1257                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           37                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.306885                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.009033                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         2712097428                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          224076464                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 24887513.527491                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 1785153.998559                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  26672667.526050                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          257                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          257                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 10552908.280156                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 871892.856031                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.923684                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.076316                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     227.116451                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1         9509                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2         9509                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1        43703                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1       269837                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2       313540                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       729623                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       729623                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1   170.050584                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          25434088                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2921.581883                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           400922154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          25436927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             15.761423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2908.560893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    13.020990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.710098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.003179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.713277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    287017626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       287017626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     94702159                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       94702159                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    381719785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        381719785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    381719785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       381719785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data    100332912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     100332912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     32696102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     32696102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    133029014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      133029014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    133029014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     133029014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 4835821092075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 4835821092075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1487484500687                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1487484500687                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       234040                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       234040                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 6323305592762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 6323305592762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 6323305592762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 6323305592762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    387350538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    387350538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    127398261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    127398261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    514748799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    514748799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    514748799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    514748799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.259024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.259024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.256645                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.256645                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.258435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.258435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.258435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.258435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48197.754811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48197.754811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45494.245788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45494.245788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       234040                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total       234040                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47533.281670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47533.281670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47533.281670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47533.281670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     67169725                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           81                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           1295866                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    51.833851                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           81                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5417803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5417803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     79482705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     79482705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     27817815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     27817815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data    107300520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total    107300520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data    107300520                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total    107300520                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     20850207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     20850207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4878287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4878287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     25728494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     25728494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     25728494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     25728494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1030044323182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1030044323182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 317311891111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 317311891111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       232160                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       232160                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1347356214293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1347356214293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1347356214293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1347356214293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004464                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004464                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49402.114961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49402.114961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65045.761168                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65045.761168                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       232160                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       232160                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52368.250326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52368.250326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52368.250326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52368.250326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
