
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.412096                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                412096330494                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               745096692798                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 290821                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   290821                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               39948812                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2356408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10315.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000008                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        55104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     36402688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           36457792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        55104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         55104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     16025920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        16025920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       568792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              569653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        250405                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             250405                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       133716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     88335385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              88469101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       133716                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           133716                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        38888771                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             38888771                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        38888771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       133716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     88335385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            127357873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      569653                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     250405                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    569653                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   250405                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   36457792                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                16025920                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             36457792                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             16025920                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    118                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               34239                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               34227                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               37156                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               36517                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               35693                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               35635                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               35274                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               35858                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               35347                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               35279                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              36365                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              35057                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              35863                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              36070                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              36494                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              34461                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               15556                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               15423                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               15577                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               15663                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               15449                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               15687                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               15769                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               16039                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               15694                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               15863                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              15759                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              15265                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              15447                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              15800                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              15721                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              15693                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  412095205953                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                569653                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               250405                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  471087                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   52786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   30384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   15255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                    7559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   10708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   10876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   10887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   10886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   10887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   10887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   10887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   10887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   10887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  10887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  10887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  10887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  10887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  10887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  10887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  10887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  10887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  10887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  10887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  10887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  10887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  10887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   3329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       111013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    472.602524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   158.420954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1156.963315                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        59093     53.23%     53.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        14373     12.95%     66.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         5295      4.77%     70.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         3396      3.06%     74.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         2603      2.34%     76.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         1943      1.75%     78.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1488      1.34%     79.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         1357      1.22%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         1120      1.01%     81.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641          983      0.89%     82.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         1221      1.10%     83.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         1285      1.16%     84.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833          774      0.70%     85.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897          617      0.56%     86.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961          605      0.54%     86.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          579      0.52%     87.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          533      0.48%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          501      0.45%     88.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          487      0.44%     88.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          593      0.53%     89.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          887      0.80%     89.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1007      0.91%     90.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         4701      4.23%     94.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         1197      1.08%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          309      0.28%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           85      0.08%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           64      0.06%     96.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          101      0.09%     96.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           50      0.05%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           65      0.06%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           38      0.03%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           86      0.08%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           39      0.04%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           33      0.03%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           32      0.03%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           78      0.07%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           40      0.04%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           20      0.02%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           64      0.06%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           55      0.05%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           33      0.03%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           29      0.03%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           30      0.03%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           44      0.04%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           33      0.03%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           37      0.03%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           30      0.03%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           34      0.03%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           43      0.04%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           26      0.02%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           23      0.02%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           32      0.03%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           26      0.02%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           28      0.03%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           17      0.02%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           25      0.02%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           31      0.03%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           31      0.03%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           15      0.01%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           26      0.02%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           20      0.02%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           18      0.02%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           22      0.02%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           20      0.02%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           14      0.01%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           20      0.02%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           21      0.02%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           14      0.01%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           16      0.01%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           21      0.02%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           19      0.02%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           17      0.02%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           16      0.01%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           14      0.01%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          132      0.12%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          124      0.11%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929           15      0.01%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            7      0.01%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           20      0.02%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           13      0.01%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           41      0.04%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           19      0.02%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313           17      0.02%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           16      0.01%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           14      0.01%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           19      0.02%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569           13      0.01%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           15      0.01%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            6      0.01%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            7      0.01%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825           18      0.02%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           10      0.01%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953           13      0.01%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           10      0.01%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           14      0.01%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           20      0.02%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           13      0.01%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           17      0.02%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337           11      0.01%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            8      0.01%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465           13      0.01%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529           12      0.01%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            9      0.01%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657           15      0.01%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           14      0.01%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            9      0.01%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            9      0.01%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913           13      0.01%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            9      0.01%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            8      0.01%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105           10      0.01%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            5      0.00%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            7      0.01%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            8      0.01%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            4      0.00%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            8      0.01%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            4      0.00%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            4      0.00%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617           10      0.01%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            8      0.01%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            3      0.00%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            6      0.01%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            4      0.00%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           16      0.01%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            4      0.00%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.00%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            8      0.01%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         1520      1.37%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8704-8705            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8896-8897            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8960-8961            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9024-9025            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9088-9089            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9216-9217            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9344-9345            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9536-9537            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9600-9601            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9664-9665            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9728-9729            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       111013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   7563127203                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             18306712203                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 2847675000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                7895910000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13279.48                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  13863.78                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32143.26                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        88.47                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        38.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                88.47                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                38.89                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.04                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       9.01                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   521999                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  186924                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                74.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     502519.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    127357873                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              427272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             427272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            250405                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            142381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           142381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1389711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1389711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     52483712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            52483712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               52483712                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           940158234                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1818390070                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       327418797                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    243867707                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      8293493                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    220836802                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       196596215                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.023303                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        20627950                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        31604                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            405157626                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             724600                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        405882226                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           217891802                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            108151                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    1                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       217999953                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            623049428                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             832751                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     2                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        623882179                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           291263674                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses             59913                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    3                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       291323587                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  925                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1237526518                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    584299199                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2278720616                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           327418797                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    217224165                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             438714755                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        29454106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      181855889                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          808                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       430464                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          319                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         291263674                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       3731308                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1226329887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.858163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.954454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        787615132     64.23%     64.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         52542779      4.28%     68.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         54815085      4.47%     72.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         30497106      2.49%     75.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         53289651      4.35%     79.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         29265823      2.39%     82.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         24785844      2.02%     84.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         31294170      2.55%     86.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        162224297     13.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1226329887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.264575                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.841351                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        602373294                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     167975566                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         432132260                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       3666336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       20182430                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     58353277                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        851591                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2255416913                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       1997509                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       20182430                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        613409597                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        51654413                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     78424210                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         423821969                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      38837267                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2237895826                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          9886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       16051142                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      13314341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1641732117                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    2979787598                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2556046845                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    423740753                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1508517903                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        133214185                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      5156230                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       817527                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          93698795                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    412606428                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    222037233                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     11208659                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2899764                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2128434612                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1632344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2078011377                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       121284                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    123620719                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     87126520                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2271                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1226329887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.694496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.648139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    379600028     30.95%     30.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    278528770     22.71%     53.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    220854921     18.01%     71.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    155928897     12.72%     84.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    108171198      8.82%     93.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     52726673      4.30%     97.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     21096047      1.72%     99.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      8295189      0.68%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1128164      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1226329887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           19492      0.08%      0.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       1003886      4.02%      4.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp       1029200      4.13%      8.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt          4128      0.02%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult         1266      0.01%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        9855187     39.51%     47.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      13030121     52.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       577903      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1271264740     61.18%     61.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2378770      0.11%     61.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     61.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    104607277      5.03%     66.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp     25841080      1.24%     67.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     20549280      0.99%     68.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     23403081      1.13%     69.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      2211181      0.11%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    408552862     19.66%     89.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    218625203     10.52%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2078011377                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.679165                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            24943280                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012003                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4920602870                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1972137653                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1821593305                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    486814333                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    281561399                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    240775109                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1857856581                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       244520173                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21672547                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     26489204                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        60632                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        11423                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      8337206                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       796714                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        81980                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       20182430                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        38922687                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1258941                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2198420712                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      5232264                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     412606428                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    222037233                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       817067                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          96850                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         53879                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        11423                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3795389                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      4063725                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      7859114                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2070143751                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     405882697                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      7867624                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              68353756                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            623882977                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        305832568                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          218000280                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.672808                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2064409997                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2062368414                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1259109080                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1680574737                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.666525                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.749213                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    130136229                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1630073                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7447470                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1206147457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.713140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.372443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    498622420     41.34%     41.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    303670437     25.18%     66.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    144884723     12.01%     78.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     50122977      4.16%     82.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     57078235      4.73%     87.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     21128903      1.75%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     20342865      1.69%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     15899294      1.32%     92.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     94397603      7.83%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1206147457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2066299341                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2066299341                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              599817240                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             386117214                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              814574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          296498206                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          233657461                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1809134879                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     19334804                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      94397603                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3307117149                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4413056328                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   90126                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                11196631                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000007                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.618763                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.618763                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.616127                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.616127                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2527885883                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1355401581                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         316313552                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        204164433                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        80769689                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        1918082                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 2237524610                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         676038.698269                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          676038.698269                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg           19638.771150                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    529334                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 123000.665820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1088182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    657148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.655916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              495635908959                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    56072.291746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    90.038812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 66327.927175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        331.982003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        178.426083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.427798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.506042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.002533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.001361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.938421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       574002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  574002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           640889                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                640889                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        83792                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 83792                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        657794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   657794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       657794                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  657794                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       426411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                427272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       142381                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              142381                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       568792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 569653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          861                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       568792                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                569653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66866006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25697024708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     25763890714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9860905443                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    9860905443                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66866006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35557930151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      35624796157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66866006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35557930151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     35624796157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1000413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1001274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       640889                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            640889                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       226173                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            226173                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1226586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1227447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1226586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1227447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.426235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.426728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.629523                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.629523                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.463720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.464096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.463720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.464096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77660.866434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60263.512686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60298.570264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69257.172256                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69257.172256                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77660.866434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62514.821149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62537.713585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77660.866434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62514.821149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62537.713585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               250405                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    250405                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       426411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           427272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       142381                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         142381                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       568792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            569653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       568792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           569653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     60313354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22405979470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22466292824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8762945397                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8762945397                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     60313354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31168924867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31229238221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     60313354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31168924867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31229238221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.426235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.426728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.629523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.629523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.463720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.464096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.463720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.464096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70050.353078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52545.500632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52580.774832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61545.749763                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61545.749763                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70050.353078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54798.458605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54821.511027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70050.353078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54798.458605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54821.511027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   290159109                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1001274                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1001274                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           640889                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           226173                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          226173                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3094061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3095783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        55104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    119518400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          119573504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             119573504                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1048987962                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1024036                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1303650063                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2237527604                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 17749607.873152                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  17749607.873152                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                25                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1796.594125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1291262242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          598638.035234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   508.784659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1287.809467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.124215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.314407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.438622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    291262499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       291262499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    291262499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        291262499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    291262499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       291262499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     89081957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89081957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     89081957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89081957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     89081957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89081957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    291263668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    291263668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    291263668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    291263668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    291263668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    291263668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76203.556031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76203.556031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76203.556031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76203.556031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76203.556031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76203.556031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3987                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                34                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   117.264706                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          308                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          308                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67728602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67728602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67728602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67728602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67728602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67728602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78662.720093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78662.720093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78662.720093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78662.720093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78662.720093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78662.720093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2237527606                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 36341118.355564                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  36341118.355564                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1226586                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 4096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           951733019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1230682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            773.337888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  3966.924040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   129.075960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.968487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.031513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    378272118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       378272118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    212064903                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      212064903                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       814729                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       814729                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    590337021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        590337021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    590337021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       590337021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3555698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3555698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       820548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       820548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4376246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4376246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4376246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4376246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 140820834128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 140820834128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  45605975783                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  45605975783                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1093503                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1093503                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 186426809911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 186426809911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 186426809911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 186426809911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    381827816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    381827816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    212885451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    212885451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       814762                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       814762                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    594713267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    594713267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    594713267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    594713267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000041                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39604.272952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39604.272952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55579.899997                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55579.899997                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33136.454545                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33136.454545                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42599.709868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42599.709868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42599.709868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42599.709868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3880516                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             45909                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    84.526258                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       640889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            640889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2555256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2555256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       594414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       594414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3149670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3149670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3149670                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3149670                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1000442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1000442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       226134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       226134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1226576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1226576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1226576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1226576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28265505385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28265505385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10318935495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10318935495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       129626                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       129626                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38584440880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38584440880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38584440880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38584440880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001062                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001062                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28253.017551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28253.017551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45631.950503                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45631.950503                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12962.600000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12962.600000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31457.032324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31457.032324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31457.032324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31457.032324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
