
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.089212                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1089212354500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1589272012000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 307765                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   307765                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              111740537                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2342672                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9747.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        66432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1489949184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1490015616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        66432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         66432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    348465664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       348465664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     23280456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            23281494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       5444776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            5444776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        60991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1367914326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1367975317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        60991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            60991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       319924451                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            319924451                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       319924451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        60991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1367914326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1687899768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    23281495                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    5444776                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  23281495                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  5444776                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1490015616                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               348465664                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1490015616                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            348465664                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    214                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1455536                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1452813                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1454313                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1452719                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1452988                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1460323                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1454214                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1459053                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1456825                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1464129                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1451937                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1452510                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1452256                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1458621                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1451240                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1451804                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              340544                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              340394                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              340685                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              340609                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              340609                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              340454                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              340312                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              340254                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              340053                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              340249                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             339995                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             340170                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             340102                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             340185                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             339931                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             340226                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1089212054000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              23281495                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              5444776                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                15175425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 6278628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 1717587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  109626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  211672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  236529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  236702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  236725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  236729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  236729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  236729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  236729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  236729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  236729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 236729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 236729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 236729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 236729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 236729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 236729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 236729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 236729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 236729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 236729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 236729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 236729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 236729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  25058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2443894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    752.258355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   222.862542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1537.390785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65      1248425     51.08%     51.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       130271      5.33%     56.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        56546      2.31%     58.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        39350      1.61%     60.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        35432      1.45%     61.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        31698      1.30%     63.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        30979      1.27%     64.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        31004      1.27%     65.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        29668      1.21%     66.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        38890      1.59%     68.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        66409      2.72%     71.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        71637      2.93%     74.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        38758      1.59%     75.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        20694      0.85%     76.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        16837      0.69%     77.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025        26231      1.07%     78.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089        30989      1.27%     79.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153        14280      0.58%     80.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217        18774      0.77%     80.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281        33780      1.38%     82.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345        55236      2.26%     84.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409        72947      2.98%     87.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        78499      3.21%     90.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537        31712      1.30%     92.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601        19127      0.78%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665        10025      0.41%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729         4366      0.18%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         2547      0.10%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         1783      0.07%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         1679      0.07%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         1689      0.07%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         1552      0.06%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         2745      0.11%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         2189      0.09%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241         1741      0.07%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305         1732      0.07%     94.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369         1882      0.08%     94.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433         1529      0.06%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         1425      0.06%     94.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561         1333      0.05%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625         1194      0.05%     94.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689         1223      0.05%     94.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753         1222      0.05%     94.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817         1533      0.06%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881         2004      0.08%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945         2008      0.08%     94.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009         2130      0.09%     94.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073         2066      0.08%     94.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137         2039      0.08%     95.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201         6549      0.27%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265         1710      0.07%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329         1336      0.05%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393         1165      0.05%     95.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457         1068      0.04%     95.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          957      0.04%     95.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          990      0.04%     95.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          955      0.04%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713         1016      0.04%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          935      0.04%     95.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          963      0.04%     95.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          939      0.04%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          892      0.04%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          772      0.03%     95.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          760      0.03%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          730      0.03%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225         4298      0.18%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          669      0.03%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          562      0.02%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          552      0.02%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          540      0.02%     96.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          594      0.02%     96.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          635      0.03%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          555      0.02%     96.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          530      0.02%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          490      0.02%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          473      0.02%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          471      0.02%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          530      0.02%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          469      0.02%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          460      0.02%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          424      0.02%     96.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          434      0.02%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          526      0.02%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          438      0.02%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          436      0.02%     96.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          399      0.02%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          401      0.02%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          403      0.02%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          361      0.01%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          384      0.02%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          438      0.02%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          352      0.01%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          388      0.02%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          380      0.02%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          344      0.01%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          360      0.01%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          457      0.02%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273         3458      0.14%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          356      0.01%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          359      0.01%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          330      0.01%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          302      0.01%     96.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          341      0.01%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          259      0.01%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          336      0.01%     96.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          336      0.01%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          384      0.02%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          412      0.02%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          402      0.02%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          399      0.02%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          372      0.02%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          745      0.03%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          467      0.02%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          429      0.02%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          391      0.02%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          248      0.01%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          124      0.01%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          138      0.01%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          109      0.00%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          115      0.00%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          131      0.01%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          110      0.00%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          133      0.01%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          125      0.01%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          123      0.01%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065          136      0.01%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129          104      0.00%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        69919      2.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2443894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 129103884000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            606753121500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               116406405000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              361242832500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      5545.39                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  15516.45                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26061.84                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1367.98                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       319.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1367.98                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               319.92                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        13.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.56                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       8.98                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 21450325                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 4831829                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      37916.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1687899709                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            18405027                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           18405026                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           5444776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4876468                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4876467                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     52007764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               52007764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1838481216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1838481216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1838481216                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         36142239500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       110395394000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             10.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       108153503                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    107965921                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       407516                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    107987941                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       107562358                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.605898                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           25469                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         1233                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            400422850                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1544199                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        401967049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           127860220                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            150907                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       128011127                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            528283070                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1695106                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        529978176                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           207248875                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               131                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       207249006                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               2178424719                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    208354697                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2145459919                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           108153503                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    107587827                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             322720691                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        16852857                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     1463339322                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           83                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3208                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         207248875                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        362863                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2007030838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.068972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.539595                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1684310147     83.92%     83.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          3677340      0.18%     84.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2791146      0.14%     84.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          2422419      0.12%     84.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         65167525      3.25%     87.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          6719025      0.33%     87.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          9685762      0.48%     88.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         81506559      4.06%     92.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        150750915      7.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2007030838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.049648                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.984868                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        282089396                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    1391183191                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         237898167                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      83251485                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       12608598                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       128682                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          4261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2134690909                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          7703                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       12608598                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        312957456                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      1122084570                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        75043                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         284290869                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     275014301                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2114280553                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       1750871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      120059850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     130815352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1875995145                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3341578569                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1176319134                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   2165259435                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1772716426                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        103278652                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         4566                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          294                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         584891761                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    412629888                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    131420969                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     10070643                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4490148                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2085863533                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          466                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2047201092                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     12554888                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     85853717                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     76617774                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2007030838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.020015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.496881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1144963374     57.05%     57.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    244235068     12.17%     69.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    327849641     16.34%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    154824190      7.71%     93.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     62499375      3.11%     96.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     26316744      1.31%     97.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     27627579      1.38%     99.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     14271458      0.71%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4443409      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2007030838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          191881      0.29%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        831142      1.24%      1.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      1.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      1.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     50798075     75.72%     77.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv       9553734     14.24%     91.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt        10651      0.02%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     91.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        2494357      3.72%     95.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3205128      4.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          104      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     761031069     37.17%     37.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7973      0.00%     37.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    307354145     15.01%     52.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp    104080132      5.08%     57.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     56244103      2.75%     60.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    270494151     13.21%     73.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     10689602      0.52%     73.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt      1845384      0.09%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    407430346     19.90%     93.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    128024083      6.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2047201092                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.939762                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            67084968                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.032769                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   3661791508                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    882567863                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    817051876                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   2519281367                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   1289152318                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1208717982                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      824814368                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      1289471588                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      5966474                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     23155528                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          730                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2471                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4022481                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          338                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7708251                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       12608598                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       907469411                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      23185249                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2086563061                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       608471                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     412629888                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    131420969                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          237                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       11718398                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         63497                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         2471                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       399026                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8306                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       407332                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2035845197                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     401967167                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     11355892                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                699062                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            529978401                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        102169959                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          128011234                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.934549                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2027524407                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2025769858                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1378698777                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1822818634                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.929924                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.756355                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     82473276                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       403291                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1994422240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.003126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.257827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1508259116     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    139639815      7.00%     82.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     73553418      3.69%     86.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     36703595      1.84%     88.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     36926106      1.85%     90.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     19933638      1.00%     91.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     10526948      0.53%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     57771224      2.90%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    111108380      5.57%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1994422240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2000657346                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2000657346                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              516872820                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             389474332                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 224                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           99903220                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1203315135                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1309260647                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        18358                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     111108380                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3963443705                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4178870116                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 2988860                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               171393881                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.089212                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.089212                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.918095                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.918095                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1612426068                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       755554959                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1606205227                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1040265613                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads            4054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes            500                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1               282                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               282                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008606                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008606                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                 1948473894                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  248790631                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         4762449.597485                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         494162.600030                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          5256612.197515                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 167                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 167                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 11667508.347305                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 1489764.257485                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.886773                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.113227                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            1659.788991                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        47094                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        47094                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1      5425162                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2      5425162                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  23279774                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32357.927740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4682872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  23312157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.200877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5053.395630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     1.274491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 27256.104219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         47.153400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.154217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.831790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.001439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.987486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3892108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 3893838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5630340                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5630340                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       121697                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                121697                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          1730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       4013805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  4015535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1730                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      4013805                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 4015535                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18403989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              18405027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4876468                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4876468                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     23280457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               23281495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     23280457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              23281495                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64281500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1063543187500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1063607469000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 322869828000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  322869828000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64281500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1386413015500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1386477297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64281500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1386413015500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1386477297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     22296097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            22298865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5630340                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5630340                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4998165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4998165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     27294262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             27297030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     27294262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            27297030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.825435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.825380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.975652                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.975652                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.852943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.852895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.852943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.852895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61928.227360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57788.731970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57788.965428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66209.770678                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66209.770678                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61928.227360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59552.654636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59552.760551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61928.227360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59552.654636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59552.760551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              5444776                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   5444776                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18403989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         18405027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4876468                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4876468                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23280457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          23281495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23280457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         23281495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52353500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 852142723500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 852195077000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 266928446000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 266928446000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52353500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1119071169500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1119123523000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52353500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1119071169500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1119123523000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.825435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.825380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.975652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.852943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.852895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.852943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.852895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 50436.897881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46302.066552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46302.299747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54738.069849                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54738.069849                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 50436.897881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48069.123793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48069.229360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 50436.897881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48069.123793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48069.229360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  1934748117                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           22298865                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          22298864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5630340                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4998165                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4998164                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     60218862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              60224398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       177152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2107174400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         2107351552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            2107351552                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        22094025000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           4407000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       46563258750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         3178544007                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 5402978.137934                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  5402978.137934                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              2764                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.339407                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           983677181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              3788                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          259682.465945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      1421627480250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   172.947530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   848.391877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.168894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.828508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    207245693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       207245693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    207245693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        207245693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    207245693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       207245693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          3181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           3181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          3181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     96819250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96819250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     96819250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96819250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     96819250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96819250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    207248874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    207248874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    207248874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    207248874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    207248874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    207248874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30436.733732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30436.733732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30436.733732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30436.733732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30436.733732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30436.733732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          336                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    67.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          413                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          413                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     70519000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70519000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     70519000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70519000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     70519000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70519000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25476.517341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25476.517341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25476.517341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25476.517341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25476.517341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25476.517341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           76                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            6                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.074219                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.005859                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         1894090984                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          283516405                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 10338848.495085                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 928116.000743                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  11266964.495828                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          257                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          257                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 7370003.828794                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 1103176.673152                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.869804                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.130196                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      61.272700                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1         1542                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2         1542                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1         2643                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1        15347                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        17990                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       243636                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       243636                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1    10.284047                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          27276270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           956.965524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           408180890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          27277218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             14.964169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   951.572770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     5.392754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.929270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.005266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.934537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    286257590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       286257590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    103472345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      103472345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    389729935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        389729935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    389729935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       389729935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data    100985355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     100985355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     23925916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     23925916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    124911271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      124911271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    124911271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     124911271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 5047760263250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 5047760263250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1502846800333                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1502846800333                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        83250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 6550607063583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 6550607063583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 6550607063583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 6550607063583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    387242945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    387242945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    127398261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    127398261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    514641206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    514641206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    514641206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    514641206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.260780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.187804                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.187804                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.242715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.242715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.242715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.242715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49985.072224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49985.072224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62812.508425                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62812.508425                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        83250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52442.081576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52442.081576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52442.081576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52442.081576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     36021112                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           48                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           1302845                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.648041                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           48                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5630340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5630340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     78689257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     78689257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18927752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     18927752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     97617009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     97617009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     97617009                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     97617009                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     22296098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     22296098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4998164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4998164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     27294262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     27294262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     27294262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     27294262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1094052207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1094052207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 328761747061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 328761747061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        80750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        80750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1422813954061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1422813954061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1422813954061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1422813954061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039233                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039233                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004464                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004464                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49069.223099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49069.223099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65776.502544                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65776.502544                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        80750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52128.683826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52128.683826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52128.683826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52128.683826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
