
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.639673                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                639673068500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1140739968000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 284735                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   284735                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               60712363                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2207096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10536.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     77399872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           77401024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         1152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          1152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     54800576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        54800576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1209373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1209391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        856259                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             856259                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         1801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    120999110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             121000911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         1801                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             1801                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        85669663                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             85669663                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        85669663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         1801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    120999110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            206670574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1209391                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     856259                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1209391                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   856259                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   77401024                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                54800576                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             77401024                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             54800576                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    603                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               73569                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               74094                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               74951                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               75673                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               73817                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               82245                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               80998                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               80210                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               77524                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               76936                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              77685                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              79784                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              73213                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              70606                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              69315                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              68168                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               51862                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               52427                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               54060                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               54326                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               52415                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               57307                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               56577                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               56639                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               55245                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               54687                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              54854                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              56802                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              51370                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              49716                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              49221                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              48751                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  637970390000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1209391                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               856259                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1078188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   95335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   24395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   10868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   34374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   37170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   37226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   37229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   37229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   37229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   37229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   37229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   37229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   37229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  37229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  37229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  37229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  37229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  37229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  37228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  37228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  37228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  37228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  37228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  37228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  37228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  37228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       868972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    151.986485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.925233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   435.185672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       650014     74.80%     74.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        96807     11.14%     85.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        32497      3.74%     89.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        19381      2.23%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        12378      1.42%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         9096      1.05%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         6508      0.75%     95.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         6790      0.78%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         3603      0.41%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         2825      0.33%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         2497      0.29%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         2106      0.24%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1641      0.19%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1409      0.16%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1214      0.14%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1179      0.14%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1098      0.13%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         1024      0.12%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          901      0.10%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          826      0.10%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          819      0.09%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          986      0.11%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         8142      0.94%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          865      0.10%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          518      0.06%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          295      0.03%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          212      0.02%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          166      0.02%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          113      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           92      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           72      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          100      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           69      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           70      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           64      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           55      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           38      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           37      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           44      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           50      0.01%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           25      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           28      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           32      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           28      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           23      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           25      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           28      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           29      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           24      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           15      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           12      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           19      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           12      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           11      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           13      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           11      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            6      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            4      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           11      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            7      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            5      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           15      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            7      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            7      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            5      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            8      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            8      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           17      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            6      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            5      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            2      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            6      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           10      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            9      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            5      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            6      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            7      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            5      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            7      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            8      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            8      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            5      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            7      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            5      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            8      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            6      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            3      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            4      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            3      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            3      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            4      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            4      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            6      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            4      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            5      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            5      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            5      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            5      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            6      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            7      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            5      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            5      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            4      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            7      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           11      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           11      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            8      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           10      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           12      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         1637      0.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8320-8321            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8768-8769            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9024-9025            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9536-9537            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       868972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  18367129750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             51391099750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 6043940000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               26980030000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15194.67                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  22319.90                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42514.57                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       121.00                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        85.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               121.00                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                85.67                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.08                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.70                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   794675                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  401385                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 65.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                46.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     308847.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    206670574                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              604742                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             604742                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            856259                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            604649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           604649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3275041                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3275041                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    132201600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           132201600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              132201600                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          4457861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5735879000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       345290915                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    291712109                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     16152021                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    188363030                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       186394141                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.954737                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        12511322                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           36                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            697855983                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            7833177                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     2                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        705689160                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           183534494                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           8833840                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       192368334                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            881390477                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           16667017                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     2                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        898057494                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           353704653                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              9863                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       353714516                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1279346137                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    365829440                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3307585315                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           345290915                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    198905463                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             548825171                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       139301665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      223321755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        30178                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         353704653                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       6361992                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1255077438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.635364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.384714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        706252267     56.27%     56.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         43146629      3.44%     59.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         23830617      1.90%     61.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         30039561      2.39%     64.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         65287754      5.20%     69.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         38238367      3.05%     72.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         37450393      2.98%     75.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         37041240      2.95%     78.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        273790610     21.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1255077438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.269896                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.585372                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        407975702                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     193722631                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         506126766                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      30181805                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      117070533                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     40119190                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3232299548                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           689                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      117070533                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        435404882                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       104233667                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles         4640                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         507502402                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      90861313                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3153749007                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65046                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        9054699                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      71538994                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2570996611                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4331038728                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4331016211                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        22517                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1642742419                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        928254158                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          198                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         233727112                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    771221097                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    247416814                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    101083381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     64973345                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         3024369746                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2743080929                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      6026152                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1019164780                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    526159336                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1255077438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.185587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.041953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    393450003     31.35%     31.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    166733611     13.28%     44.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    179674479     14.32%     58.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    179661522     14.31%     73.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    130445732     10.39%     83.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    106775793      8.51%     92.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     70508873      5.62%     97.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     23320737      1.86%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4506688      0.36%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1255077438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         3023849     25.79%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     25.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        8230735     70.21%     96.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        468823      4.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           84      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1823158767     66.46%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         1297      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd          316      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          417      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            7      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv           45      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    723651476     26.38%     92.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    196268520      7.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2743080929                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.144127                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            11723407                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.004274                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6758975205                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   4043564424                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2646325616                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        13645                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        16592                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         5136                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2754796950                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses            7302                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     52188946                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    254379075                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       144862                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        47840                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     92516159                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          928                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1183662                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      117070533                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        70650038                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        764919                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   3029945326                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     12437378                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     771221097                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    247416814                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         377916                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         10390                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        47840                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      8689220                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     10361649                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     19050869                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2700240978                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     705689218                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     42839946                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               5575580                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            898057565                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        268039446                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          192368347                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.110641                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2674317900                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2646330752                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1795965470                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        2276480300                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.068503                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.788922                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    853528324                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     16151816                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1138006905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.761660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.629793                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    573378344     50.38%     50.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    186683652     16.40%     66.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    110406837      9.70%     76.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     67925478      5.97%     82.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25240433      2.22%     84.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     16276517      1.43%     86.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     18745257      1.65%     87.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     16111363      1.42%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    123239024     10.83%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1138006905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2004781352                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2004781352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              671742670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             516842016                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                   0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          210045741                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                650                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1984437640                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      7766450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     123239024                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3803588189                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5833878211                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  380519                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                24268699                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.639673                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.639673                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.563299                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.563299                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3670285144                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      2214900279                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads              5118                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              645                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads              84                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes             42                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 2281479916                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         4305533.908747                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          4305533.908747                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            1677.560000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1209778                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32552.032604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    22314461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1242540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     17.958747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    18802.538359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.282672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 13569.156530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        180.055044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.573808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.414098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.005495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.993409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14010953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                14010953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          7306180                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               7306180                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3116918                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3116918                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      17127871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 17127871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     17127871                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                17127871                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       604724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                604742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       604649                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              604649                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1209373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1209391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1209373                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1209391                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1351000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44540404500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44541755500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50981090500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   50981090500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1351000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  95521495000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      95522846000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1351000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  95521495000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     95522846000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14615677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            14615695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7306180                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           7306180                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3721567                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3721567                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18337244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             18337262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18337244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            18337262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.041376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.162472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.162472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.065953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.065953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75055.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73654.104186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73654.145900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84315.182031                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84315.182031                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75055.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78984.312532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78984.254058                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75055.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78984.312532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78984.254058                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               856259                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    856259                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       604724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           604742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       604649                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         604649                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1209373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1209391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1209373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1209391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1144000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37595503500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37596647500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44035658500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44035658500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1144000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81631162000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  81632306000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1144000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81631162000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  81632306000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.041376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.162472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.065953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.065953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63555.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62169.689809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62169.731059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72828.464944                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72828.464944                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63555.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67498.746871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67498.688183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63555.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67498.746871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67498.688183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2565654815                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           14615695                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          14615695                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          7306180                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3721567                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3721567                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     43980668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              43980704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1641179136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1641180288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1641180288                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20127901000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             31500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       27795272750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2281479934                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 8913357.266273                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  8913357.266273                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      52.818200                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           749.244065                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1355836540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1802974.122340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    16.970010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   732.274055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.715111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.731684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    353704634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       353704634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    353704634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        353704634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    353704634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       353704634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total             19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total            19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1461250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1461250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1461250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1461250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1461250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1461250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    353704653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    353704653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    353704653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    353704653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    353704653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    353704653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76907.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76907.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76907.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76907.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76907.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76907.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1369000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1369000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1369000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1369000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76055.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76055.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76055.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76055.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76055.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76055.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2281479936                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 20144649.246781                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  20144649.246781                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      52.818200                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          18337244                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           772702800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          18338268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             42.136084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1022.576089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     1.423911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    621647267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       621647267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    148310597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      148310597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    769957864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        769957864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    769957864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       769957864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     22842931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      22842931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6590057                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6590057                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     29432988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       29432988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     29432988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      29432988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 355806361500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 355806361500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 203390314378                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 203390314378                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 559196675878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 559196675878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 559196675878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 559196675878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    644490198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    644490198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    154900654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    154900654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    799390852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    799390852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    799390852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    799390852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15576.213118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15576.213118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30863.210193                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30863.210193                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18998.977470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18998.977470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18998.977470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18998.977470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      6472703                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         4494                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            511474                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              98                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.654999                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    45.857143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7306180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7306180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8227245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      8227245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2868499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2868499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11095744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     11095744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11095744                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     11095744                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14615686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14615686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3721558                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3721558                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18337244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18337244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18337244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18337244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 131896288750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 131896288750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70487959848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  70487959848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 202384248598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 202384248598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 202384248598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 202384248598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9024.296824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9024.296824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18940.443720                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18940.443720                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11036.786586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11036.786586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11036.786586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11036.786586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
