
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.653583                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                653583486276                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               986618454273                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 268062                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   268062                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               58400253                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2351064                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11191.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000004                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        12736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    871679104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          871691840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        12736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         12736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    310987136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       310987136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     13619986                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            13620185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       4859174                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            4859174                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        19486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1333692057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1333711543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        19486                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            19486                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       475818534                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            475818534                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       475818534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        19486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1333692057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1809530077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    13620185                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    4859174                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  13620185                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  4859174                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                  871691840                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               310987136                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd            871691840                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            310987136                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0              861889                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1              860051                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2              856530                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3              855820                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4              851838                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5              846242                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6              843617                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7              847248                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8              844092                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9              841316                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10             840825                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11             845628                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12             851209                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13             856633                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14             857240                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15             860006                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              306224                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              304832                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              303289                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              304502                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              303927                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              303791                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              303289                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              303671                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              301772                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              302260                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             301750                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             302705                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             303777                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             305498                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             303490                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             304397                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  653583217212                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              13620185                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              4859174                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6211096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 4299412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 2214342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  895325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  170774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  209581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  211150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  211267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  211269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  211269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  211269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  211269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  211269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  211269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 211268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 211268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 211268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 211268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 211268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 211268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 211268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 211268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 211268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 211268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 211268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 211268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 211268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  40495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      4174780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    283.283787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   130.442394                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   577.480818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65      2624446     62.86%     62.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       287989      6.90%     69.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193       136552      3.27%     73.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257       112354      2.69%     75.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321       102182      2.45%     78.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        88573      2.12%     80.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        77581      1.86%     82.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        72910      1.75%     83.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        61789      1.48%     85.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        58120      1.39%     86.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        60955      1.46%     88.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        58375      1.40%     89.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        44675      1.07%     90.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        32503      0.78%     91.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        62327      1.49%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025       125767      3.01%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089        11523      0.28%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153        12274      0.29%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217        13186      0.32%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281        14356      0.34%     97.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345        13138      0.31%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409        11285      0.27%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        12497      0.30%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         7157      0.17%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         5807      0.14%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         4449      0.11%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729         3309      0.08%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         2736      0.07%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         2321      0.06%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         2055      0.05%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         3095      0.07%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         2509      0.06%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         1528      0.04%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         1458      0.03%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241         1369      0.03%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305         1374      0.03%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369         1211      0.03%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433         1257      0.03%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         1213      0.03%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561         1131      0.03%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625         2274      0.05%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          973      0.02%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          902      0.02%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          917      0.02%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          811      0.02%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          785      0.02%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009         1231      0.03%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          823      0.02%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          623      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          669      0.02%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          572      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          524      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          513      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          512      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          466      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          501      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          427      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          437      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          422      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          398      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          342      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          369      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          842      0.02%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          397      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          403      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225          411      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          308      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          294      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          354      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          312      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          317      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          266      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          231      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          261      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          271      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          267      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          243      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          292      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          501      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          242      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          827      0.02%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          185      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          203      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          198      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          230      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          189      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          210      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          282      0.01%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          276      0.01%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          243      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          210      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          199      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          170      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          312      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          287      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          154      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          142      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273          143      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          122      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          141      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          137      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          121      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          142      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          145      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          170      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          159      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          159      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          145      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          600      0.01%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          333      0.01%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          163      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          123      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          117      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297           99      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           76      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           62      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489           78      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           58      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617           77      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           47      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           51      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           57      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           58      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           61      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           74      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           64      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           45      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         5597      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      4174780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 214760166073                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            550518489823                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                68100920000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              267657403750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15767.79                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  19651.53                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                40419.31                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1333.71                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       475.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1333.71                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               475.82                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        14.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.84                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.36                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 10507162                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 3797406                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 77.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      35368.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1809530077                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             9865148                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            9865148                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           4859174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           3755037                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          3755037                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     32099544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               32099544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1182678976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1182678976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1182678976                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         19098466083                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        43207086248                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        66822229                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     66491913                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       502342                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     66221428                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        65967523                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.616582                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS            1262                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           93                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            696936176                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1126778                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        698062954                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           107375873                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            156371                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       107532244                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            804312049                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1283149                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        805595198                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           211932296                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               128                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       211932424                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1962713477                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    434936882                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2387350636                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            66822229                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     65968785                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             343708569                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        44817647                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      741866479                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3420                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          116                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         211932296                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       4845610                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1547470694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.542744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.042438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1203762125     77.79%     77.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         11390339      0.74%     78.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         13168132      0.85%     79.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          7631907      0.49%     79.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         29004590      1.87%     81.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          8433201      0.54%     82.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          9907887      0.64%     82.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          4283479      0.28%     83.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        259889034     16.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1547470694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.034046                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.216352                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        476122014                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     703395801                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         321800182                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      19198284                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       26954412                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       328257                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           642                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2368624226                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          2344                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       26954412                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        503514319                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       569633592                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        74115                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         310448041                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     136846214                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2322324039                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       2505385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       15248802                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     108084676                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2132581726                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3656030508                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2397320121                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   1258710387                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1834106825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        298474855                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1009                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          783                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         326890780                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    706464982                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    117093902                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13211914                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     11907521                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2154568546                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1444                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2109781247                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      4397313                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    154558646                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    142413503                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          195                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1547470694                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.363374                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.651793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    732511331     47.34%     47.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    226639972     14.65%     61.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    207133791     13.39%     75.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    177749289     11.49%     86.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    118755420      7.67%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     55675021      3.60%     98.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     21290614      1.38%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7236691      0.47%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       478565      0.03%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1547470694                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            7973      0.01%      0.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult        3636171      5.05%      5.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      5.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        774914      1.08%      6.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      6.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      6.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     34329703     47.71%     53.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv      19132615     26.59%     80.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt      3490806      4.85%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       10454640     14.53%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        121073      0.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            2      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     773637177     36.67%     36.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    210636587      9.98%     46.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     46.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    152337507      7.22%     53.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            8      0.00%     53.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        21694      0.00%     53.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    146427727      6.94%     60.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     14792915      0.70%     61.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt      1598200      0.08%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    702782919     33.31%     94.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    107546511      5.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2109781247                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.074931                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            71947895                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.034102                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4429419293                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1529062151                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1410660093                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   1413959099                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    780068596                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    634407515                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1444598613                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       737130527                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9820386                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     67989578                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         5125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2166                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     10129214                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            3                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     51403594                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       26954412                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       400374403                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       8103533                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2155361229                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     58417015                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     706464982                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    117093902                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          763                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        2679154                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        813019                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         2166                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       504512                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6182                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       510694                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2099143891                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     698062964                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     10637352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                791239                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            805595209                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         60646982                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          107532245                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.069511                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2046542589                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2045067608                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1444667130                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1652981460                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.041959                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.873977                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    150025597                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1249                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       501726                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1520516282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.315822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.559522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1060795698     69.77%     69.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    133399609      8.77%     78.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     41804765      2.75%     81.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     43726980      2.88%     84.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33203729      2.18%     86.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     26002176      1.71%     88.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     20616181      1.36%     89.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     21720875      1.43%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    139246269      9.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1520516282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2000729238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2000729238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              745440075                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             638475390                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           58929454                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          630739835                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1689204963                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls          970                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     139246269                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3528356014                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4328464239                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 3776234                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               415242783                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000003                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.981357                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.981357                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.018997                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.018997                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2575851906                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1321316459                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         701314487                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        555922560                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads            1435                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           1249                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              1110                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1110                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008469                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008469                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 2962817806                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         8191156.849993                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          8191156.849993                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            8751.172680                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  13620260                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 129174.478925                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     6600575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  13749871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.480046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    28543.487893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     1.279787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 99502.146740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       1127.564509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.217770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.759141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.008603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.985523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4174389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 4174389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5998863                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5998863                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       585006                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                585006                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       4759395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  4759395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      4759395                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 4759395                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9864949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               9865148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3755037                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             3755037                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     13619986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               13620185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          199                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     13619986                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              13620185                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     15442600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 693422060618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    693437503218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 270575773112                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  270575773112                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     15442600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 963997833730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     964013276330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     15442600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 963997833730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    964013276330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14039338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            14039537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5998863                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5998863                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4340043                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4340043                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18379381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             18379580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18379381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            18379580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.702665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.702669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.865207                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.865207                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.741050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.741050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77601.005025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70291.499796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70291.647243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72056.752866                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72056.752866                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77601.005025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70778.180956                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70778.280642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77601.005025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70778.180956                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70778.280642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              4859174                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   4859174                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9864949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          9865148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3755037                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        3755037                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13619986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          13620185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13619986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         13620185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     13929998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 617691540022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 617705470020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 241751547394                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 241751547394                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     13929998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 859443087416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 859457017414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     13929998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 859443087416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 859457017414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.702665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.702669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.865207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.865207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.741050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.741050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69999.989950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62614.772770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62614.921745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64380.603279                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64380.603279                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69999.989950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63101.613131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63101.713920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69999.989950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63101.613131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63101.713920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2387178356                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           14039537                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          14039537                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5998863                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4340043                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4340043                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     42757625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              42758023                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1560207616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1560220352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1560220352                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12113264277                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            237704                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       20506820041                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2962818179                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 12915153.906680                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  12915153.906680                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2676.756584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1212026820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2740                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          442345.554745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   137.550998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2539.205587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.033582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.619923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.653505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    211932008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       211932008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    211932008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        211932008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    211932008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       211932008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     22405063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22405063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     22405063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22405063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     22405063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22405063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    211932293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    211932293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    211932293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    211932293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    211932293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    211932293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78614.256140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78614.256140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78614.256140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78614.256140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78614.256140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78614.256140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          835                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    55.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           86                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     15641734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15641734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     15641734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15641734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     15641734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15641734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78601.678392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78601.678392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78601.678392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78601.678392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78601.678392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78601.678392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1246                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           37                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.304199                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.009033                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         2962818181                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 40311066.978909                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  40311066.978909                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     333.713930                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          18379381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 4059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           693584633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          18383440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             37.728773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  4055.544649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     3.455351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.990123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    599063622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       599063622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     83404375                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       83404375                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    682467997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        682467997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    682467997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       682467997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     36895258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      36895258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     23559686                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     23559686                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     60454944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       60454944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     60454944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      60454944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1923970790755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1923970790755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1469063086327                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1469063086327                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1504553                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1504553                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3393033877082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3393033877082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3393033877082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3393033877082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    635958880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    635958880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    106964061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    106964061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    742922941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    742922941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    742922941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    742922941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.220258                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.220258                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028708                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.028708                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52146.831193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52146.831193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62354.951858                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62354.951858                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83586.277778                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83586.277778                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56125.002400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56125.002400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56125.002400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56125.002400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    224531430                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           3357450                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    66.875584                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5998863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5998863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     22855937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     22855937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19219644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     19219644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     42075581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     42075581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     42075581                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     42075581                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14039321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14039321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4340042                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4340042                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18379363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18379363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18379363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18379363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 719649887723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 719649887723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 276681614974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 276681614974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1471801                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1471801                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 996331502697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 996331502697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 996331502697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 996331502697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040575                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040575                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028708                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028708                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51259.593518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51259.593518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63750.907243                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63750.907243                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81766.722222                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81766.722222                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54209.251033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54209.251033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54209.251033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54209.251033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
