
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.971102                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                971102314944                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1304142046839                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 203246                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   203246                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               65791036                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2358264                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14760.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        54016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1474285248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1474339264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        54016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         54016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    347001216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       347001216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          844                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     23035707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            23036551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       5421894                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            5421894                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        55623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1518156455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1518212078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        55623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            55623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       357327143                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            357327143                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       357327143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        55623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1518156455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1875539222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    23036551                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    5421894                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  23036551                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  5421894                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1474339264                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               347001216                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1474339264                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            347001216                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    216                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1440334                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1439668                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1440188                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1440163                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1440385                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1439967                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1440221                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1439834                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1439271                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1439958                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1439411                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1439220                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1439461                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1439460                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1439236                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1439558                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              339010                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              338923                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              339255                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              339253                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              339280                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              339005                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              339051                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              338903                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              338628                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              338736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             338586                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             338751                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             338633                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             338714                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             338464                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             338684                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  971102261997                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              23036551                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              5421894                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                14885008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 5990150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 1830555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  330605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  208683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  235481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  235703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  235732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  235733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  235734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  235734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  235734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  235734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  235734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 235734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 235734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 235734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 235734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 235734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 235734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 235734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 235733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 235733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 235733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 235733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 235733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 235733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  27051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2183661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    834.050164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   226.843572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1754.382218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65      1145278     52.45%     52.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        72899      3.34%     55.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        34423      1.58%     57.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        30994      1.42%     58.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        30813      1.41%     60.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        30929      1.42%     61.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        40085      1.84%     63.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        42571      1.95%     65.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        25060      1.15%     66.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        27502      1.26%     67.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705       103085      4.72%     72.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        97824      4.48%     77.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        19909      0.91%     77.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        14452      0.66%     78.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        14745      0.68%     79.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025        22824      1.05%     80.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089        26661      1.22%     81.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153        10414      0.48%     81.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217        10552      0.48%     82.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281        10203      0.47%     82.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345        10182      0.47%     83.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409        12998      0.60%     84.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473       179975      8.24%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         4231      0.19%     92.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         1149      0.05%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          896      0.04%     92.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          984      0.05%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          851      0.04%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          899      0.04%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          993      0.05%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          885      0.04%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          799      0.04%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         1158      0.05%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         1096      0.05%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241          769      0.04%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          732      0.03%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369          814      0.04%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433         1354      0.06%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         2077      0.10%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561          779      0.04%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625          694      0.03%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          626      0.03%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          689      0.03%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          622      0.03%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881         1191      0.05%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          862      0.04%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          622      0.03%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          650      0.03%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          712      0.03%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201         4637      0.21%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265         1003      0.05%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          840      0.04%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          933      0.04%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          848      0.04%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          864      0.04%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          905      0.04%     93.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          827      0.04%     93.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          938      0.04%     94.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          911      0.04%     94.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          888      0.04%     94.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          969      0.04%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969         1014      0.05%     94.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          979      0.04%     94.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          949      0.04%     94.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          909      0.04%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225         4443      0.20%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          712      0.03%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          600      0.03%     94.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          590      0.03%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          558      0.03%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          549      0.03%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          552      0.03%     94.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          556      0.03%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          501      0.02%     94.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          559      0.03%     94.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          515      0.02%     94.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          565      0.03%     94.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          604      0.03%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          543      0.02%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          538      0.02%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          556      0.03%     94.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          528      0.02%     94.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          549      0.03%     94.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          501      0.02%     95.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          570      0.03%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          549      0.03%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          467      0.02%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          500      0.02%     95.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          486      0.02%     95.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          511      0.02%     95.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          457      0.02%     95.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          438      0.02%     95.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          510      0.02%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          393      0.02%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          483      0.02%     95.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          418      0.02%     95.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          538      0.02%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273         3857      0.18%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          390      0.02%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          435      0.02%     95.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          395      0.02%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          411      0.02%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          435      0.02%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          405      0.02%     95.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          642      0.03%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          737      0.03%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          386      0.02%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          440      0.02%     95.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          522      0.02%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          549      0.03%     95.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          555      0.03%     95.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          879      0.04%     95.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          661      0.03%     95.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          590      0.03%     95.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          607      0.03%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425         1135      0.05%     95.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          231      0.01%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          236      0.01%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          203      0.01%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          229      0.01%     95.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          209      0.01%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          182      0.01%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          200      0.01%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          169      0.01%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          177      0.01%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065          186      0.01%     96.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129          157      0.01%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        86686      3.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2183661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 129767390924                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            599231840924                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               115181675000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              354282775000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      5633.16                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  15379.30                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26012.46                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1518.21                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       357.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1518.21                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               357.33                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        14.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.62                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       8.71                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 21339358                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 4935175                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      34123.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1875539222                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            18161216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           18161216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           5421894                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4875335                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4875335                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     51494996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               51494996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1821340480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1821340480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1821340480                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         23920587801                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        73620652825                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       106225827                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    106070145                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       409258                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    106061778                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       105634627                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.597262                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           22952                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         1136                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            403207780                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1555955                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        404763735                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           127829692                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            152255                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       127981947                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            531037472                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1708210                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        532745682                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           212669388                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               147                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       212669535                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               2916223171                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    430207303                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2170020907                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           106225827                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    105657579                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             326522733                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        19266324                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     1848804480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          301                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         5232                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           48                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         212669388                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        366924                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2618449096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.828743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.281723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       2291926363     87.53%     87.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          3715740      0.14%     87.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2818176      0.11%     87.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4367321      0.17%     87.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         65369651      2.50%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          6408444      0.24%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          7419775      0.28%     90.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         81861630      3.13%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        154561996      5.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2618449096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.036426                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.744120                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        473950997                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    1806120059                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         298696086                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      26777079                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       12904874                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       126523                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          4244                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2162737016                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          7624                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       12904874                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        497288411                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      1641178518                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        85351                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         300216155                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     166775786                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2150322127                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        496294                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       47353830                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     110947850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1912075620                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3393316065                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1192708971                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   2200607094                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1772716444                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        139359136                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         4144                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          238                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         377430749                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    409149963                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    131758334                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      9388434                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4492440                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2076869702                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          465                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2045053867                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7690508                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     76855367                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     67358802                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2618449096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.781017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.363283                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1752055637     66.91%     66.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    258941897      9.89%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    299491784     11.44%     88.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    163944486      6.26%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     80819402      3.09%     97.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     24912936      0.95%     98.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     23714265      0.91%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11382446      0.43%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3186243      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2618449096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           85230      0.12%      0.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        495096      0.72%      0.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     52388923     76.13%     76.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv       9760153     14.18%     91.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt       134706      0.20%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     91.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        2919706      4.24%     95.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3028638      4.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          104      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     760059028     37.17%     37.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         4834      0.00%     37.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    307384041     15.03%     52.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp    104080141      5.09%     57.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     56243140      2.75%     60.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    270467515     13.23%     73.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     10688919      0.52%     73.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt      1845214      0.09%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    406285113     19.87%     93.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    127995818      6.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2045053867                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.701268                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            68812452                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.033648                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4267801294                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    869505052                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    820358987                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   2517258492                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   1284222699                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1208705042                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      823997847                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      1289868368                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      5832779                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     19675616                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          612                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2218                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4359866                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          340                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     10314952                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       12904874                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      1425835440                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      24390997                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2077566083                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     28916055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     409149963                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    131758334                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          237                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       13542132                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        203460                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         2218                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       400847                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7794                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       408641                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2041972337                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     404763754                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      3081526                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                695916                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            532745748                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        102183635                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          127981994                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.700211                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2030815649                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2029064029                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1368147546                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1822821601                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.695785                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.750566                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     73712375                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405133                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2605544222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.767846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.009427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   2109964244     80.98%     80.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    144923039      5.56%     86.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     76290187      2.93%     89.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     44320821      1.70%     91.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33599007      1.29%     92.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     18742618      0.72%     93.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     10970708      0.42%     93.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     57610680      2.21%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    109122918      4.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2605544222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2000657346                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2000657346                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              516872811                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             389474344                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 224                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           99903221                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1203315065                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1309260684                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        18358                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     109122918                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4567790248                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4161644439                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 3761944                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               297774075                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.458112                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.458112                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.685819                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.685819                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1620651537                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       758847822                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1606233311                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1040267164                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads            4054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes            500                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 3916342476                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         11253944.068216                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          11253944.068216                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg           19638.771150                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  23036304                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 130514.165252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3223015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  23166694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.139123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    22236.794042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     5.605220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 107728.501553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        543.264438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.169653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.821903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.004145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2609383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 2609383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5454675                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5454675                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1380                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1380                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       2610763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2610763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2610763                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2610763                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18160372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              18161216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4875336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4875336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     23035708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               23036552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          844                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     23035708                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              23036552                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     48772594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 992781841912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    992830614506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 306560321039                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  306560321039                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     48772594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1299342162951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1299390935545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     48772594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1299342162951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1299390935545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     20769755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            20770599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5454675                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5454675                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4876716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4876716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     25646471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             25647315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     25646471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            25647315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.874366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.874371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999717                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999717                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.898202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.898205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.898202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.898205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57787.433649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54667.483789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54667.628781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62879.834547                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62879.834547                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57787.433649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56405.566651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56405.617279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57787.433649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56405.566651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56405.617279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              5421894                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   5421894                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18160372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         18161216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4875336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4875336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23035708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          23036552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23035708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         23036552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     42303572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 852523090670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 852565394242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 268899549721                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 268899549721                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     42303572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1121422640391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1121464943963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     42303572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1121422640391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1121464943963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.874366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.874371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.898202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.898205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.898202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.898205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 50122.715640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46944.142481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46944.290197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55155.080536                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55155.080536                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 50122.715640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48681.926355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48681.979142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 50122.715640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48681.926355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48681.979142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2049760633                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           20770599                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          20770599                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5454675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4876716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4876715                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     56747616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              56749304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        54016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1990473280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1990527296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1990527296                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        13989776220                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            981269                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       28710827277                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         3916342481                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 12960072.292642                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  12960072.292642                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                20                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2060.180377                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1212785559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          443431.648629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   171.917284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1888.263093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.041972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.461002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.502974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    212668197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       212668197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    212668197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        212668197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    212668197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       212668197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65730930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65730930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65730930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     65730930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65730930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     65730930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    212669385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    212669385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    212669385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    212669385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    212669385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    212669385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55329.065657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55329.065657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55329.065657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55329.065657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55329.065657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55329.065657                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          457                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    57.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          344                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          344                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     49621411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49621411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     49621411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49621411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     49621411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49621411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58793.140995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58793.140995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58793.140995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58793.140995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58793.140995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58793.140995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         3916342482                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 31368814.807075                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  31368814.807075                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          25646470                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 4096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           401078596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          25650566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             15.636247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  4082.582060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    13.417940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.996724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.003276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    287108681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       287108681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     94729911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       94729911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    381838592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        381838592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    381838592                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       381838592                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data    100241801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     100241801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     32668332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     32668332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    132910133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      132910133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    132910133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     132910133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 4791166421791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 4791166421791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1465546065916                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1465546065916                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        79237                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        79237                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 6256712487707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 6256712487707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 6256712487707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 6256712487707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    387350482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    387350482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    127398243                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    127398243                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    514748725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    514748725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    514748725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    514748725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.258788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.258788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.256427                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.256427                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.258204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.258204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.258204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.258204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47796.092788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47796.092788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44861.368065                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44861.368065                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        79237                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        79237                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47074.759061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47074.759061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47074.759061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47074.759061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     66132238                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           81                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           1297354                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    50.974705                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           81                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5454675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5454675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     79472046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     79472046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     27791617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     27791617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data    107263663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total    107263663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data    107263663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total    107263663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     20769755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     20769755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4876715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4876715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     25646470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     25646470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     25646470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     25646470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1020519835122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020519835122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 311571896699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 311571896699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        77273                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        77273                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1332091731821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1332091731821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1332091731821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1332091731821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038279                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038279                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004464                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004464                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49134.900008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49134.900008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63889.707867                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63889.707867                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        77273                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        77273                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51940.549004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51940.549004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51940.549004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51940.549004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
