
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.436764                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                436763737062                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               770474292129                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 245298                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   245298                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35712411                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2352176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12230.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      5468160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            5469376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         1216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          1216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       427072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          427072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        85440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               85459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          6673                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               6673                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         2784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     12519721                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              12522505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         2784                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             2784                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks          977810                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total               977810                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks          977810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         2784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     12519721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             13500315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       85459                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       6673                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     85459                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     6673                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                    5469376                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  427072                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd              5469376                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr               427072                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0                5376                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1                5379                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2                5378                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3                5386                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4                5376                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5                5283                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6                5248                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7                5250                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8                5248                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9                5297                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10               5376                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11               5381                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12               5376                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13               5378                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14               5351                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15               5376                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0                 384                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1                 384                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2                 384                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3                 386                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4                 384                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5                 387                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6                 384                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7                 401                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8                 424                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9                 412                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10                469                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11                484                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12                496                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13                523                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14                492                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15                279                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  381116421414                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 85459                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 6673                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   77657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    6786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                     235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                     290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                     290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                     290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                     290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                     290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                     290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                     290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                    290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                    290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                    290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                    290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                    290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         1419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean   4118.596195                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean  2114.547233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  3474.137275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65           66      4.65%      4.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129           41      2.89%      7.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193           17      1.20%      8.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257           42      2.96%     11.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321           22      1.55%     13.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385           16      1.13%     14.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449           20      1.41%     15.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513           14      0.99%     16.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577           16      1.13%     17.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641            9      0.63%     18.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705           16      1.13%     19.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769           13      0.92%     20.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833           13      0.92%     21.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897           16      1.13%     22.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961            9      0.63%     23.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           17      1.20%     24.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           14      0.99%     25.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           13      0.92%     26.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           13      0.92%     27.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           12      0.85%     28.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           14      0.99%     29.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           11      0.78%     29.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          167     11.77%     41.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           16      1.13%     42.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           27      1.90%     44.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           30      2.11%     46.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           21      1.48%     48.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           15      1.06%     49.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           17      1.20%     50.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           10      0.70%     51.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            9      0.63%     51.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            7      0.49%     52.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            4      0.28%     52.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            4      0.28%     52.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.07%     53.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            3      0.21%     53.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            2      0.14%     53.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.07%     53.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            3      0.21%     53.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            3      0.21%     53.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.14%     53.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.14%     54.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            2      0.14%     54.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.07%     54.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            2      0.14%     54.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            3      0.21%     54.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.07%     54.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            3      0.21%     54.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            2      0.14%     55.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            3      0.21%     55.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.07%     55.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.14%     55.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            2      0.14%     55.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.07%     55.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            2      0.14%     55.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            3      0.21%     56.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.21%     56.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.07%     56.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.07%     56.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.07%     56.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            3      0.21%     56.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            3      0.21%     56.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.14%     57.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.07%     57.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.07%     57.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            2      0.14%     57.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            1      0.07%     57.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            3      0.21%     57.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.07%     57.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.07%     57.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.14%     57.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.14%     58.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.07%     58.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.14%     58.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.14%     58.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.07%     58.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.14%     58.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.14%     58.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.07%     58.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.07%     58.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.14%     59.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.14%     59.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.14%     59.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.14%     59.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.07%     59.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.07%     59.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.07%     59.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            3      0.21%     59.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            2      0.14%     60.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.14%     60.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            3      0.21%     60.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.07%     60.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.07%     60.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.07%     60.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.07%     60.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.07%     60.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.14%     60.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            1      0.07%     60.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          554     39.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         1419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    134428351                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1726004601                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  427295000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                1164281250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      1573.02                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  13623.86                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                20196.87                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        12.52                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                12.52                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                 0.98                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       9.86                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    84510                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    6200                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 98.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    4136634.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     13500315                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               77291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              77291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              6673                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       177591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 177591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5896448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total             5896448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                5896448                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            48456828                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          273872296                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       312740037                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    265359255                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     15873046                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    167264034                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       165287531                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.818334                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        11889003                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           31                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            657459598                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            6543615                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        664003213                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           175676707                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           7384885                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       183061592                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            833136305                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           13928500                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        847064805                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           321900814                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              6208                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       321907022                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1311602814                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    647766154                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3022294613                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           312740037                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    177176534                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             498533012                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       111058052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       75494336                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           27                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        12610                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         321900814                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       9408437                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1311587641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.304302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.291033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        813054629     61.99%     61.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         37609838      2.87%     64.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         22235451      1.70%     66.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         26516270      2.02%     68.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         59277494      4.52%     73.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         33119088      2.53%     75.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         33167492      2.53%     78.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         33904337      2.58%     80.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        252703042     19.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1311587641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.238441                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.304276                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        669558367                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      62541738                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         485167113                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       4539126                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       89781296                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     34593518                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           226                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2969384982                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           741                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       89781296                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        681204641                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        31452681                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles         2328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         477747214                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      31399480                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2922355475                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents             5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        6066639                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      24558280                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2384535895                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4014797707                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4014786876                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        10831                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1642742419                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        741793442                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          75249825                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    709266798                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    230133960                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     87716907                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     50542101                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2806442803                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2573631949                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      2119054                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    803680334                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    440664926                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1311587641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.962226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.834082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    395743753     30.17%     30.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    214867548     16.38%     46.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    245788792     18.74%     65.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    183033931     13.96%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    127299283      9.71%     88.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     71980269      5.49%     94.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     63283541      4.82%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7438891      0.57%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2151633      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1311587641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          768645      9.17%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        7347944     87.63%     96.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        268619      3.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           84      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1713871865     66.59%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         1250      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd          296      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          239      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            7      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv           42      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    674491593     26.21%     92.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    185266573      7.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2573631949                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.962204                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             8385208                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.003258                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6469349393                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   3610146278                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2493412862                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads         6405                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         8268                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         2519                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2582013667                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses            3406                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     38573121                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    192424776                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       101550                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        32012                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     75233305                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          389                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        55305                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       89781296                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        10704874                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        173776                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2811693997                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      8278547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     709266798                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    230133960                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         170191                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           167                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        32012                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      8295191                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      9170957                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     17466148                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2545240468                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     664003252                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     28391478                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               5251194                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            847064848                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        252512240                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          183061596                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.940557                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2515518015                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2493415381                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1663647301                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        2091697493                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.901045                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.795358                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    635255814                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     15872840                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1221806345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.640834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.478888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    591533435     48.41%     48.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    247041547     20.22%     68.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    136484928     11.17%     79.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     54322603      4.45%     84.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25817742      2.11%     86.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     19390343      1.59%     87.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     19018380      1.56%     89.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     18109759      1.48%     90.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    110087608      9.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1221806345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2004781352                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2004781352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              671742670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             516842016                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                   0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          210045741                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                650                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1984437640                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      7766450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     110087608                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3682266535                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5369920724                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                     379                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   15173                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.655801                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.655801                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.524852                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.524852                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3459903402                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      2081764998                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads              2262                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              578                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads              84                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes             42                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              3512                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1115                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.026794                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008507                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 2313736588                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         6600381.313394                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          6600381.313394                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            8751.172680                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                     86652                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 128801.293446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    23609004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    216490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    109.053554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    65470.398083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    14.302317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 41009.470488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        184.415514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      22122.707043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.499499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.312877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.168783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.982676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6991628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 6991628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          9782513                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               9782513                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2784392                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               2784392                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       9776020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  9776020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9776020                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 9776020                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        77272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 77291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8168                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8168                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        85440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  85459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        85440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 85459                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1185643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3868856075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3870041718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    454542145                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     454542145                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1185643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4323398220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4324583863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1185643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4323398220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4324583863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7068900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             7068919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      9782513                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           9782513                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2792560                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2792560                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9861460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              9861479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9861460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             9861479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.010934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002925                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.002925                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.008666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.008666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62402.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50068.020434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50071.052490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55649.136263                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55649.136263                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62402.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50601.570927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50604.194561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62402.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50601.570927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50604.194561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 6673                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      6673                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        77272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            77291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8168                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8168                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        85440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             85459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        85440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            85459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1040795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3270541381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3271582176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    391425707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    391425707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1040795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3661967088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3663007883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1040795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3661967088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3663007883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.008666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.008666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54778.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42325.051519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42328.112924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47921.854432                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47921.854432                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54778.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42860.101685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42862.751530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54778.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42860.101685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42862.751530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2878479556                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            7068919                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           7068919                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          9782513                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2792560                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2792560                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     29505433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              29505471                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1257214272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1257215488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1257215488                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        13056602994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             22481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9862300776                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2313736613                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 19616635.585929                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  19616635.585929                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           795.837003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1324033786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               797                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1661272.002509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    17.837003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.189941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.194296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    321900793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       321900793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    321900793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        321900793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    321900793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       321900793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total             21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total            21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1301505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1301505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1301505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1301505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1301505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1301505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    321900814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    321900814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    321900814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    321900814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    321900814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    321900814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61976.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61976.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61976.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61976.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61976.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61976.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1205623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1205623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1205623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1205623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1205623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1205623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63453.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63453.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63453.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63453.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63453.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63453.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1208                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           38                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.294922                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.009277                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         2313736613                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 41982721.231219                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  41982721.231219                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     333.713930                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           9861460                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 4058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           764483989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           9865518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             77.490507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  4050.825662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     7.174338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.988971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    608485020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       608485020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    151621580                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      151621580                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    760106600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        760106600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    760106600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       760106600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10346742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      10346742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3279074                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3279074                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     13625816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       13625816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     13625816                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      13625816                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  76924010079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  76924010079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18778335392                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  18778335392                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  95702345471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  95702345471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  95702345471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  95702345471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    618831762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    618831762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    154900654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    154900654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    773732416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    773732416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    773732416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    773732416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7434.611792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7434.611792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5726.719004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5726.719004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7023.604713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  7023.604713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7023.604713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  7023.604713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       172427                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             24032                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.174892                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      9782513                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           9782513                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3277831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3277831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       486525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       486525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3764356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3764356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3764356                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3764356                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7068911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7068911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2792549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2792549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9861460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9861460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9861460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9861460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30054633402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30054633402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10936364611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10936364611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40990998013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40990998013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40990998013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40990998013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4251.663856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4251.663856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  3916.265967                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3916.265967                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4156.686537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4156.686537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4156.686537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4156.686537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
