
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.360131                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                360130566609                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               693130878297                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 314063                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   314063                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               37701221                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2347908                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9552.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        25728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     44694528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           44720256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        25728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     42137280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        42137280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       698352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              698754                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        658395                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             658395                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        71441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    124106455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             124177896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        71441                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            71441                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       117005564                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            117005564                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       117005564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        71441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    124106455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            241183460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      698754                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     658395                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    698754                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   658395                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   44720256                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                42137280                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             44720256                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             42137280                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               44801                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               46025                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               45915                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               44346                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               42013                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               41636                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               41329                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               42572                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               44493                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               45606                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              45884                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              44674                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              42508                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              41881                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              42094                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              42975                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               42258                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               43526                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               43410                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               41873                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               39540                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               39142                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               38691                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               40077                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               41982                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               43079                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              43365                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              42220                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              40001                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              39371                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              39526                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              40334                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  360120666519                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                698754                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               658395                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  190736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  174810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  172499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  160699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                    9839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   27838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   28540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   28613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   28623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   28626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   28626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   28626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   28626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   28626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  28626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  28626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  28626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  28626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  28626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  28626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  28626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  28626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  28626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  28626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  28625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  28625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  28625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  18787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       121067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    717.403487                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   419.837594                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   680.341290                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        19044     15.73%     15.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        12407     10.25%     25.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         8519      7.04%     33.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         6794      5.61%     38.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         4652      3.84%     42.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         4175      3.45%     45.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         3334      2.75%     48.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         3962      3.27%     51.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         2295      1.90%     53.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         2044      1.69%     55.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         1999      1.65%     57.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         2161      1.78%     58.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1198      0.99%     59.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1250      1.03%     60.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1349      1.11%     62.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1754      1.45%     63.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1963      1.62%     65.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         2831      2.34%     67.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         3875      3.20%     70.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         5176      4.28%     74.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345        10299      8.51%     83.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         3664      3.03%     86.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         1830      1.51%     88.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537        13481     11.14%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          307      0.25%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           33      0.03%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           10      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           41      0.03%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           20      0.02%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           17      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           11      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           17      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            9      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           15      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            8      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            9      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           10      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            5      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            6      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           13      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            6      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            7      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           11      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           10      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           15      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            5      0.00%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           10      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            6      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            4      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            5      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            3      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            6      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            3      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            4      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            4      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            6      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            4      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            6      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            4      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            3      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            5      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            2      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            4      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            2      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            3      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            2      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            1      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            2      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            5      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            4      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            3      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            3      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            3      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            3      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            2      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            1      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          267      0.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       121067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  31917942738                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             39634258988                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3493760000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                4222556250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     45678.50                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                   6043.00                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                56721.50                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       124.18                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       117.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               124.18                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               117.01                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.11                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       9.73                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   658899                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  577161                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 94.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     265350.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    241183460                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               36587                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              36587                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            658395                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            662167                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           662167                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2055903                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2055903                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     86857536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            86857536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               86857536                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          2205894897                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2225713422                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       218770624                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    165539711                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4866426                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    172451656                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       127844286                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     74.133406                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         6398997                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         2381                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            457057343                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              77334                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        457134677                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           124747950                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            153079                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       124901029                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            581805293                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             230413                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        582035706                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           252729097                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               849                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       252729946                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  525                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1081473173                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    505328727                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2148786814                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           218770624                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    134243283                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             383952307                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        17753160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      144932890                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          494                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         5334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          110                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         252729097                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       2649302                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1047020407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.052287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.170912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        663068100     63.33%     63.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         43824436      4.19%     67.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         48889646      4.67%     72.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         18988221      1.81%     74.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         30135377      2.88%     76.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         21099925      2.02%     78.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         15803876      1.51%     80.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         12332574      1.18%     81.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        192878252     18.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1047020407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.202289                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.986907                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        533601753                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     118892480                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         380820704                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1132127                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       12573342                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     45170838                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        294573                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2135149405                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts        481770                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       12573342                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        541862540                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        44548920                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15025777                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         373512069                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      59497758                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2124945329                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          2874                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       17749470                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      40164889                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1772484680                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3115773803                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1759394077                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   1356379726                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1686180541                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         86304065                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1088927                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       139694                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         138867785                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    460296538                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    126222532                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     23943564                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     10056809                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2081218055                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       278590                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2059490766                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1045568                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     79467705                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38115209                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1279                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1047020407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.967002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.603025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215874779     20.62%     20.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    248001813     23.69%     44.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    234036258     22.35%     66.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    173727821     16.59%     83.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     93993768      8.98%     92.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     51942863      4.96%     97.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     21014278      2.01%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      6972697      0.67%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1456130      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1047020407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          546968      1.88%      1.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      1.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      1.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            75      0.00%      1.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      1.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      1.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     14887082     51.03%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        9937218     34.06%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3800150     13.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          232      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     953263594     46.29%     46.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1461663      0.07%     46.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     46.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    264082144     12.82%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp     15355186      0.75%     59.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     11343482      0.55%     60.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    229889285     11.16%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv          114      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    459108236     22.29%     93.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    124986830      6.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2059490766                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.904338                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            29171493                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.014164                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   3563337042                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1335630587                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1246637208                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   1632881956                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    825342150                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    800655987                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1260652834                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       828009193                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     22586340                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     17970055                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         5918                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8393                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3971674                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       135076                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       427001                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       12573342                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5094352                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        415080                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2098778952                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      4688675                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     460296538                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    126222532                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       139689                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          13849                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          6435                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8393                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1943464                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2728628                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4672092                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2052915029                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     457134703                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      6575735                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              17282307                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            582035733                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        206622870                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          124901030                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.898258                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2048575512                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2047293195                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1422781958                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1937878048                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.893060                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.734196                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     81526720                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       277311                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4639223                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1034447065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.949941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.323653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    348945103     33.73%     33.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    237650403     22.97%     56.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    168262441     16.27%     72.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     87281181      8.44%     81.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     53122561      5.14%     86.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     34260636      3.31%     89.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     16101305      1.56%     91.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      9896676      0.96%     92.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     78926759      7.63%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1034447065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2017110886                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2017110886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              564577318                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             442326460                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              138393                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          197944349                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          791595074                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1461337968                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      6376513                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      78926759                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3054053483                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4209897293                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  194697                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                34452766                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.540737                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.540737                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.849329                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.849329                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2000386679                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       982241727                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1040007155                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        741235491                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1225182                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         276900                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1             17258                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1081                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.131668                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008247                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 2081444282                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         470005.200010                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          470005.200010                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            8751.172680                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    660095                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 124778.970754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       36062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    790054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.045645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    115216.451563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   104.300174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  9157.450019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        156.669737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        144.099260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.879032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.069866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.001099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.951988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   20429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           679262                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                679262                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          380                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   380                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         20809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    20809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        20809                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   20809                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        36185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 36587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       662167                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              662167                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       698352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 698754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       698352                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                698754                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     30104162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2931967996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2962072158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57977790009                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   57977790009                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     30104162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  60909758005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      60939862167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     30104162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  60909758005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     60939862167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        56614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               57016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       679262                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            679262                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       662547                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            662547                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       719161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               719563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       719161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              719563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.639153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.641697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999426                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999426                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.971065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.971081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.971065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.971081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74885.975124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81027.165842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80959.689453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87557.655409                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87557.655409                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74885.975124                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87219.279110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87212.183640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74885.975124                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87219.279110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87212.183640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               658395                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    658395                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        36185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            36587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       662167                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         662167                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       698352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            698754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       698352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           698754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     27031978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2653789322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2680821300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52876873695                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  52876873695                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     27031978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55530663017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55557694995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     27031978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55530663017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55557694995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.639153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.641697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.971065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.971081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.971065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.971081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67243.726368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73339.486583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73272.509361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79854.287053                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79854.287053                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67243.726368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79516.723682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79509.662907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67243.726368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79516.723682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79509.662907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   248589840                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              57016                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             57016                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           679262                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           662547                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          662547                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2117584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2118388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        25728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     89499072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total           89524800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              89524800                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          918197217                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            471898                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         819493553                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2081474105                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 15401310.809071                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  15401310.809071                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1135.673935                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1252728526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          973371.038073                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   250.673935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.061200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.216064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.277264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    252728511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       252728511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    252728511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        252728511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    252728511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       252728511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40741776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40741776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40741776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40741776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40741776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40741776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    252729092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    252729092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    252729092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    252729092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    252729092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    252729092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70123.538726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70123.538726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70123.538726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70123.538726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70123.538726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70123.538726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1098                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                16                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    68.625000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          179                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          179                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     30506759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30506759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     30506759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     30506759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     30506759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     30506759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75887.460199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75887.460199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75887.460199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75887.460199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75887.460199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75887.460199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1279                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           39                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.312256                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.009521                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         2081474108                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 30196494.670418                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  30196494.670418                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     333.713930                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            719161                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 4057                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           641517145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            723218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            887.031497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  3923.126245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   133.873755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.957794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.032684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    433995575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       433995575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    116892333                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      116892333                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       138377                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       138377                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    550887908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        550887908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    550887908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       550887908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       130003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        130003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5220129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5220129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5350132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        5350132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5350132                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       5350132                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6786096941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6786096941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 373807045280                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 373807045280                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       174070                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       174070                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 380593142221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 380593142221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 380593142221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 380593142221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    434125578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    434125578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    122112462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    122112462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       138393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       138393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    556238040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    556238040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    556238040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    556238040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042749                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042749                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52199.541095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52199.541095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71608.775431                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71608.775431                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10879.375000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10879.375000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71137.149928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71137.149928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71137.149928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71137.149928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     38168291                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         6034                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            493620                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              38                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    77.323226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   158.789474                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       679262                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            679262                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        73403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        73403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4557582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      4557582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4630985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4630985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4630985                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4630985                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        56600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       662547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       662547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       719147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       719147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       719147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       719147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3043649324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3043649324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  58703531797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58703531797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        51282                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        51282                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  61747181121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  61747181121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  61747181121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  61747181121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005426                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005426                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53774.723039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53774.723039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88602.818814                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88602.818814                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85861.696039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85861.696039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85861.696039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85861.696039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
