
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.851721                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                851720858000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1352023563000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 253558                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   253558                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               71986896                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2215780                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11831.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      1486592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     73608512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           75095104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1486592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1486592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     40712256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        40712256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        23228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1150133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1173361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        636129                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             636129                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1745398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     86423282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              88168680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1745398                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1745398                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        47799999                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             47799999                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        47799999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1745398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     86423282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            135968679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1173361                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     636129                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1173361                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   636129                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   75095104                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                40712256                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             75095104                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             40712256                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    111                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               74297                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               73250                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               73923                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               70374                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               74378                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               76350                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               75718                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               73521                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               68401                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               71922                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              69869                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              72691                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              74299                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              74838                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              75193                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              74226                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               39734                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               40035                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               38764                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               38611                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               40257                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               41505                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               42101                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               39774                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               37791                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               38660                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              38124                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              39808                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              40608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              39937                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              39937                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              40483                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  851718337000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1173361                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               636129                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  863902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  237505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   53496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   18296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   23251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   27512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   27655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   27658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   27658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   27658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   27658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   27658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   27658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   27658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  27658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  27658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  27658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  27658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  27658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  27658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  27658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  27658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   4407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       870073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    133.090442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    94.083783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   220.660407                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64          570837     65.61%     65.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128         158552     18.22%     83.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192          60468      6.95%     90.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256          23755      2.73%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320          12913      1.48%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384           7696      0.88%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448           5825      0.67%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512           4141      0.48%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576           3114      0.36%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640           2717      0.31%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704           2156      0.25%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768           1998      0.23%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832           1618      0.19%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896           1400      0.16%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960           1222      0.14%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024          1204      0.14%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088           899      0.10%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152           845      0.10%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216           684      0.08%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280           837      0.10%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344           612      0.07%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408           542      0.06%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472           612      0.07%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536          1137      0.13%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600           450      0.05%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664           283      0.03%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728           230      0.03%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792           506      0.06%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856           208      0.02%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920           143      0.02%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984           135      0.02%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048           325      0.04%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112           142      0.02%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176           118      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240           104      0.01%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304           208      0.02%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368            84      0.01%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432            87      0.01%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496            89      0.01%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560           136      0.02%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624            64      0.01%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688            77      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752            59      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816            97      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880            55      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944            37      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008            48      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072           103      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136            40      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200            35      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264            32      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328            46      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392            33      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456            32      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520            20      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584            26      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648            16      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712            19      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776            17      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840            23      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904            21      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968            15      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032            12      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096            25      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160            11      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224             3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288             5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352             6      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416             4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480             2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544             2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608             3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672             3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736             5      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800             6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928             5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992             3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656             2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848             3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808             1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       870073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  26360418000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             57405241750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5866250000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               25178573750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22467.86                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  21460.54                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                48928.40                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        88.17                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        47.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                88.17                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                47.80                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.07                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.88                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   707359                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  231929                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 60.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                36.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     470695.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    135968679                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              670131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             670131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            636129                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            503230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           503230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2982851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2982851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    115807360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           115807360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              115807360                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          3449261000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5565275250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       546362878                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    388117405                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     31619004                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    372116425                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       278499916                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     74.842145                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        50135976                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       923384                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            804192965                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses           16199041                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                105188                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        820392006                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           426191491                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           3397559                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                 1021                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       429589050                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1230384456                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           19596600                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                106209                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1249981056                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           522234629                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses           1545643                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       523780272                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 1471                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1703441716                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    650820822                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3545715140                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           546362878                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    328635892                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             674302572                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       177519049                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      176739525                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       214259                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     13712858                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          764                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         522234629                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      14203896                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1653706660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.144102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.040916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        979404088     59.22%     59.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         64396744      3.89%     63.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         67073860      4.06%     67.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         66664369      4.03%     71.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         75429086      4.56%     75.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         62542828      3.78%     79.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         69563917      4.21%     83.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         33690561      2.04%     85.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        234941207     14.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1653706660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.320741                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.081501                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        696517878                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     164862471                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         642319068                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      14641585                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      135365657                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     70186555                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred       2636770                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3435851249                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       8668559                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      135365657                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        723303194                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        47519881                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     71565133                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         628627486                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      47325308                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3343894490                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         18285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        1134060                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      39568399                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2289392530                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4134742522                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4106909609                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     27832913                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1397224081                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        892168433                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2243778                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1753360                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         130265502                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1050149936                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    500816820                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     58767356                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15704657                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         3108755872                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3189048                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2617863708                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     17668273                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1100039948                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    748745990                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       525121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1653706660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.583028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.808617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    697548399     42.18%     42.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    262838358     15.89%     58.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    237253824     14.35%     72.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    166125034     10.05%     82.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    147099813      8.90%     91.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     83975788      5.08%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     41056230      2.48%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     14946684      0.90%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2862530      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1653706660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1877339      2.72%      2.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      2.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      2.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             5      0.00%      2.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp        127738      0.19%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       39589583     57.37%     60.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      27417962     39.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          138      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1297469034     49.56%     49.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       441289      0.02%     49.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     49.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3371625      0.13%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      1389464      0.05%     49.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       575928      0.02%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult       128287      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       128447      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    878422051     33.55%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    435937445     16.65%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2617863708                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.536808                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            69012627                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.026362                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6948349518                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   4186333699                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2475537620                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27765456                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     25973756                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12558433                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2672920528                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        13955669                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     91027158                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    380246953                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       682712                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       329357                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    187996316                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          269                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1196967                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      135365657                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        28111745                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1233770                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   3180363088                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      9087759                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1050149936                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    500816820                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1728505                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         935144                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        258238                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       329357                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     26314391                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      7168373                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     33482764                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2538161945                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     820985652                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     79701761                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              68418168                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1250800204                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        387732668                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          429814552                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.490020                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2516172059                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2488096053                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1349958550                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1895739452                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.460629                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.712101                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    943203220                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2663927                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     29068801                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1518341003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.347550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.274534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    862697210     56.82%     56.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    269786041     17.77%     74.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    113391616      7.47%     82.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     55270483      3.64%     85.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     44231366      2.91%     88.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     36911703      2.43%     91.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     23655395      1.56%     92.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     18933899      1.25%     93.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     93463290      6.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1518341003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2046040684                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2046040684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              982723480                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             669902978                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars             1331228                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          320071823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            9094135                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1970277568                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     30290140                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      93463290                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4321112610                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          6114059786                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 1407416                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                49735056                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.851721                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.851721                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.174094                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.174094                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3211940345                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1715324869                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          11097726                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          7667470                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         3098933                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2662525                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 2704046891                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         3053194.170781                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          3053194.170781                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            1677.560000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1173713                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32629.114178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    18173053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1206244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     15.065818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11556.855159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1106.935833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 18598.480600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        122.043075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       1244.799510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.352687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.033781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.567581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.003724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.037988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9394155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4764328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                14158483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          2438022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               2438022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       414733                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                414733                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       9394155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       5179061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 14573216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9394155                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5179061                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                14573216                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       646903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                670131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       503230                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              503230                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1150133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1173361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23228                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1150133                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1173361                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2124962500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56681387250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58806349750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41451683500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   41451683500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2124962500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  98133070750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     100258033250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2124962500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  98133070750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    100258033250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9417383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5411231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            14828614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2438022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           2438022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       917963                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            917963                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9417383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6329194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             15746577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9417383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6329194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            15746577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.045192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.548203                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.548203                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.074515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.074515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91482.800930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87619.607963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87753.513492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82371.248733                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82371.248733                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91482.800930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85323.237182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85445.172671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91482.800930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85323.237182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85445.172671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               636129                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    636129                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       646903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           670131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       503230                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         503230                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1150133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1173361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1150133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1173361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1858225500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49247509750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51105735250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35675025500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35675025500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1858225500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  84922535250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  86780760750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1858225500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  84922535250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  86780760750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.045192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.548203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.548203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.074515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.074515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79999.375753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76128.120831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76262.305803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70892.088111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70892.088111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79999.375753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73837.143400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73959.131716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79999.375753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73837.143400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73959.131716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  1366426952                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           14828614                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          14828614                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          2438022                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           917963                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          917963                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18834766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15096410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              33931176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    602712512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    561101824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1163814336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1163814336                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        11530321500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       14133536708                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9772142477                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2704047126                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 13160312.263798                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  13160312.263798                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      52.818200                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           9417383                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           767899529                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           9418407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             81.531784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   985.234178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    38.765822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.962143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.037857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    512613407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       512613407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    512613407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        512613407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    512613407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       512613407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9621206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       9621206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9621206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        9621206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9621206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       9621206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  78606132194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78606132194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  78606132194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  78606132194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  78606132194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  78606132194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    522234613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    522234613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    522234613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    522234613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    522234613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    522234613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8170.091379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8170.091379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8170.091379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8170.091379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8170.091379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8170.091379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        20100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           28                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               309                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    65.048544                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           28                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       203823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       203823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       203823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       203823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       203823                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       203823                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9417383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      9417383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9417383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9417383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9417383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9417383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  58548137031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58548137031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  58548137031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58548137031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  58548137031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58548137031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6217.028343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6217.028343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6217.028343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6217.028343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6217.028343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6217.028343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2704047125                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 25827747.567311                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  25827747.567311                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      52.818200                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6329194                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1070078503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6330218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            169.042915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1015.928534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     8.071466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.992118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.007882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    701387404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       701387404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    307319646                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      307319646                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1448364                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1448364                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1008707050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1008707050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1008707050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1008707050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9252315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       9252315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4169627                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4169627                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2059                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2059                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     13421942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       13421942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     13421942                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      13421942                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 214191119956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 214191119956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 231057995952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 231057995952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     16474000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     16474000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 445249115908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 445249115908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 445249115908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 445249115908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    710639719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    710639719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    311489273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    311489273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1450423                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1450423                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1022128992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1022128992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1022128992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1022128992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013386                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013386                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001420                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.001420                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23150.002994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23150.002994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55414.548100                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55414.548100                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8000.971345                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8000.971345                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33173.226043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33173.226043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33173.226043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33173.226043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      8901889                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2294                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            195438                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              19                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    45.548404                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   120.736842                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2438022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2438022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3843049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3843049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3251758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3251758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7094807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7094807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7094807                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7094807                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5409266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5409266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       917869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       917869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2059                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         2059                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6327135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6327135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6327135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6327135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  86214528021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  86214528021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44534398532                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44534398532                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12356000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12356000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 130748926553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 130748926553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 130748926553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 130748926553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002947                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002947                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001420                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001420                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15938.304388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15938.304388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48519.340485                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48519.340485                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6000.971345                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6000.971345                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20664.791656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20664.791656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20664.791656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20664.791656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
