
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.368457                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                368457034806                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               701457346494                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 316065                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   316065                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               38818845                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2347940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9491.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        26048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     45184640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           45210688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        26048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         26048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     43011584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        43011584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       706010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              706417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        672056                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             672056                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        70695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    122632046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             122702741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        70695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            70695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       116734327                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            116734327                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       116734327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        70695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    122632046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            239437068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      706417                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     672056                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    706417                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   672056                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   45210688                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                43011584                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             45210688                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             43011584                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               45321                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               46889                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               46575                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               44630                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               42108                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               41867                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               41824                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               42935                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               45378                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               46490                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              46644                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              45122                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              42801                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              42200                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              42344                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              43287                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               43419                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               45211                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               44669                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               42716                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               40091                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               39908                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               39544                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               40661                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               42809                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               43721                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              43982                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              42690                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              40715                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              40251                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              40523                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              41146                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  368447132718                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                706417                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               672056                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  197116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  177201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  170998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  161092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                    9941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   28099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   29111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   29193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   29218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   29220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   29220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   29220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   29220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   29220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  29220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  29220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  29220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  29220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  29220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  29220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  29220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  29220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  29220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  29219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  29219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  29219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  29219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  19279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       308176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    286.264057                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.197221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   451.748476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       101457     32.92%     32.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        63606     20.64%     53.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        42450     13.77%     67.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        28697      9.31%     76.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        18180      5.90%     82.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        10795      3.50%     86.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         5930      1.92%     87.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         3310      1.07%     89.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         1568      0.51%     89.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         1581      0.51%     90.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         2181      0.71%     90.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         3630      1.18%     91.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833          755      0.24%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897          553      0.18%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961          473      0.15%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          740      0.24%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          312      0.10%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          422      0.14%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          372      0.12%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          773      0.25%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         5463      1.77%     95.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          762      0.25%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          342      0.11%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537        12406      4.03%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          369      0.12%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           57      0.02%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           29      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          179      0.06%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           46      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           27      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           11      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           96      0.03%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           18      0.01%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            9      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            5      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           42      0.01%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            9      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            6      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            2      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           25      0.01%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            3      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           10      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            7      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            2      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            9      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            2      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            2      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            3      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            3      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            9      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            4      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            5      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            5      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            2      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            3      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            8      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            3      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            3      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            8      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            5      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            3      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            4      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            4      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            1      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            5      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            4      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            6      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            4      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            5      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            4      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            3      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            2      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            4      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            1      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            4      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            3      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            4      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            3      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            3      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            1      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          280      0.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       308176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  62156207924                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             70078369174                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3532075000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                4390086250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     87988.23                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                   6214.60                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                99202.83                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       122.70                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       116.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               122.70                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               116.73                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.19                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      11.06                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   664473                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  405803                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 94.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                60.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     267286.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    239437068                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               40697                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              40697                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            672056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            665720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           665720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2084890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2084890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     88222272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            88222272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               88222272                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          2249388693                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2252413511                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       218761366                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    165543201                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4865187                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    156030144                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       127855668                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.942928                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         6398436                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         2382                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            457040065                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              77410                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        457117475                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           124738859                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            153079                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       124891938                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            581778924                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             230489                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        582009413                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           252731708                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               830                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       252732538                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  525                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1106477582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    505327955                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2148747257                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           218761366                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    134254104                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             383959629                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        17739044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      146128007                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          484                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         5170                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          135                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         252731708                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       2653614                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1048210219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.049920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.169844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        664250590     63.37%     63.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         43848535      4.18%     67.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         48879608      4.66%     72.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         18983508      1.81%     74.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         30161797      2.88%     76.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         21058022      2.01%     78.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         15812352      1.51%     80.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         12348884      1.18%     81.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        192866923     18.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1048210219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.197710                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.941971                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        533517069                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     120184227                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         380785642                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1161652                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       12561628                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     45157489                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        294575                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2134943480                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts        481780                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       12561628                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        541837408                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        45682771                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15198876                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         373446314                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      59483221                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2124697491                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          2436                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       17716759                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      40131900                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1772290021                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3115442595                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1759067615                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   1356374980                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1686180541                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         86109406                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1089030                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       139830                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         139254800                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    460273919                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    126207666                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     24030809                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     10093995                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2081152152                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       278755                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2059451726                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1046452                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     79362918                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38057189                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1444                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1048210219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.964732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.602756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216816145     20.68%     20.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    248382980     23.70%     44.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    233673936     22.29%     66.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    173950364     16.59%     83.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     94312411      9.00%     92.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     51722657      4.93%     97.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     20918177      2.00%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      6970601      0.67%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1462948      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1048210219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          547951      1.89%      1.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      1.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      1.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            91      0.00%      1.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      1.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      1.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     14707691     50.71%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        9956038     34.33%     86.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3789276     13.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          232      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     953257761     46.29%     46.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1461656      0.07%     46.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     46.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    264081741     12.82%     59.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp     15355521      0.75%     59.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     11343447      0.55%     60.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    229886852     11.16%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv          114      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    459086857     22.29%     93.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    124977545      6.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2059451726                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.861268                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            29001047                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.014082                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   3564449896                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1335439180                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1246627241                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   1632711272                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    825363317                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    800657212                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1260613884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       827838657                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     22583676                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     17947436                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         5810                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8676                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3956808                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       135064                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       425452                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       12561628                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5908460                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        429548                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2098709919                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      4646993                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     460273919                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    126207666                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       139825                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          20530                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         10635                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8676                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1951839                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2719113                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4670952                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2052895494                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     457117501                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      6556230                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              17279012                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            582009440                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        206638358                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          124891939                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.855343                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2048558000                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2047284453                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1422513679                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1937168256                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.850272                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.734326                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     81458070                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       277311                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4637976                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1035648591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.947679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.324755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    350753044     33.87%     33.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    237176707     22.90%     56.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    168021577     16.22%     72.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     87349360      8.43%     81.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     53076286      5.12%     86.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     34154582      3.30%     89.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     16210445      1.57%     91.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      9750499      0.94%     92.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     79156091      7.64%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1035648591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2017110886                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2017110886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              564577318                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             442326460                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              138393                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          197944349                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          791595074                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1461337968                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      6376513                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      79156091                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3054957027                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4209748171                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  202525                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                58267363                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.553239                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.553239                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.807538                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.807538                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2000340262                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       982218056                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1040006036                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        741233707                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1225182                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         276900                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1             47965                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1081                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.365944                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008247                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                 1847983373                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                   77435559                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         461054.016148                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         33600.000000                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          494654.016148                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                  10                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                  10                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 184798337.300000                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 7743555.900000                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.959782                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.040218                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            4827.699241                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        10810                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        10810                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1           38                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1        368415                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2         383748                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       931457                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       916162                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1     3.800000                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    673643                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 90241.528547                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      136657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    771987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.177020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    80700.820354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    85.167739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  9331.312484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         33.466993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         90.760976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.615698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.071192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.688488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        94147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   94147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           703633                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                703633                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14038                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 14038                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        108185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   108185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       108185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  108185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        40290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 40697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       665720                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              665720                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       706010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 706417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       706010                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                706417                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35366335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3731648440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3767014775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  87873420570                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   87873420570                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35366335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  91605069010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      91640435345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35366335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  91605069010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     91640435345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       134437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              134844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       703633                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            703633                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       679758                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            679758                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       814195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               814602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       814195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              814602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.299694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.301808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.979349                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.979349                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.867126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.867193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.867126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.867193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86895.171990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92619.718044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92562.468364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 131997.567401                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131997.567401                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86895.171990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 129750.384570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129725.693670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86895.171990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 129750.384570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129725.693670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               672056                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    672056                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        40290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            40697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       665720                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         665720                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       706010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            706417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       706010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           706417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     32265965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3422036714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3454302679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  82740358200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  82740358200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     32265965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  86162394914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  86194660879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     32265965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  86162394914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  86194660879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.299694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.301808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.979349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.867126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.867193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.867126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.867193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79277.555283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84935.138099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84878.558100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 124287.024875                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124287.024875                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79277.555283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 122041.323655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122016.685441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79277.555283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 122041.323655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122016.685441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   263713353                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             134844                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            134844                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           703633                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           679758                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          679758                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2332023                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2332837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        26048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     97140992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total           97167040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              97167040                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          974191833                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            482780                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         912882885                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2106478514                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 15401469.923409                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  15401469.923409                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1139.340327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1252731125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1292                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          969606.133901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   254.340327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.062095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.216064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.278159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    252731110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       252731110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    252731110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        252731110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    252731110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       252731110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          593                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           593                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50021905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50021905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50021905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50021905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50021905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50021905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    252731703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    252731703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    252731703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    252731703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    252731703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    252731703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84353.971332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84353.971332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84353.971332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84353.971332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84353.971332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84353.971332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3318                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   184.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            5                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35773594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35773594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35773594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35773594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35773594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35773594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87895.808354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87895.808354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87895.808354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87895.808354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87895.808354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87895.808354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1279                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           39                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.312256                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.009521                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         1021227066                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2           86845243                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 26790950.275976                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 2051027.998010                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  28841978.273986                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          364                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          364                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 2805568.862637                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 238585.832418                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.921625                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.078375                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     227.354100                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        14196                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        14196                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1         9595                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1       441765                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2       451360                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1      1025388                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2      1025388                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1    26.359890                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            802040                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2833.095204                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           631466277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            804857                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            784.569529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2726.013207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   107.081997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.665531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.026143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.691674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    433740484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       433740484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    116848719                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      116848719                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       138371                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       138371                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    550589203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        550589203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    550589203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       550589203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       372115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        372115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5263743                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5263743                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5635858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        5635858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5635858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       5635858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9641234810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9641234810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 554568304473                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 554568304473                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       261038                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       261038                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 564209539283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 564209539283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 564209539283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 564209539283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    434112599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    434112599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    122112462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    122112462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       138393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       138393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    556225061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    556225061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    556225061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    556225061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.043106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000159                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25909.288285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25909.288285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105356.265394                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105356.265394                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11865.363636                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11865.363636                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100110.673350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 100110.673350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100110.673350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 100110.673350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     60503403                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         6771                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            493756                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              48                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   122.537049                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   141.062500                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       703633                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            703633                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       237692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       237692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4583985                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      4583985                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4821677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4821677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4821677                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4821677                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       134423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       134423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       679758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       679758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       814181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       814181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       814181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       814181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4134295859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4134295859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  88652112201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  88652112201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        51282                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        51282                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92786408060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  92786408060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92786408060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  92786408060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005567                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30755.866623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30755.866623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 130417.166405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130417.166405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 113962.875651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113962.875651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 113962.875651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113962.875651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
