
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.854604                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                854604391500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1355698208000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 198837                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   198837                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               56642186                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2358136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15087.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       754496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    558062976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          558817472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       754496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        754496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    101026048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       101026048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        11789                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      8719734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8731523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1578532                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1578532                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       882860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    653007382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             653890242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       882860                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           882860                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       118213818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            118213818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       118213818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       882860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    653007382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            772104060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     8731523                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1578532                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8731523                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1578532                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                  558817472                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               101026048                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd            558817472                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            101026048                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    473                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0              573551                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1              532471                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2              595433                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3              544583                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4              458951                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5              594739                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6              574421                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7              522038                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8              552904                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9              564072                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10             557196                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11             570363                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12             566451                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13             575471                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14             559489                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15             388917                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              103026                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              102436                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              102472                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               98634                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               94899                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              101084                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               98534                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               95441                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              100282                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               98686                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              98410                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             100189                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             103203                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             101185                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             102615                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              77436                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  854602542500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               8731523                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1578532                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6846544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 1443390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  333130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  107911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   61822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   68495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   68606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   68623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   68631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   68632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   68632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   68632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   68632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   68632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  68632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  68632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  68632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  68632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  68632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  68632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  68632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  68632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  68632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  68631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  68631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  68631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  68631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   6810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2002717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    329.456881                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   144.503782                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   754.499630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       969465     48.41%     48.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       343497     17.15%     65.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193       161939      8.09%     73.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        99034      4.94%     78.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        63337      3.16%     81.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        47316      2.36%     84.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        35132      1.75%     85.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        31195      1.56%     87.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        23629      1.18%     88.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        20044      1.00%     89.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        15456      0.77%     90.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        15341      0.77%     91.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        13055      0.65%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        11772      0.59%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        10364      0.52%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         9437      0.47%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         8630      0.43%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         7862      0.39%     94.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         6038      0.30%     94.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         5911      0.30%     94.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         5973      0.30%     95.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         6017      0.30%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         4532      0.23%     95.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         4533      0.23%     95.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         4484      0.22%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         4390      0.22%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729         3758      0.19%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         3645      0.18%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         3362      0.17%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         3166      0.16%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         3023      0.15%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         3071      0.15%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         2401      0.12%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         1924      0.10%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241         1734      0.09%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305         1445      0.07%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369         1338      0.07%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433         1164      0.06%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         1038      0.05%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561         1089      0.05%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625         1257      0.06%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689         1090      0.05%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          942      0.05%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          874      0.04%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          785      0.04%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          698      0.03%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          722      0.04%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          670      0.03%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          577      0.03%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          575      0.03%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          630      0.03%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          785      0.04%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          647      0.03%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          731      0.04%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          734      0.04%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          701      0.04%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          776      0.04%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          659      0.03%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777         1259      0.06%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          801      0.04%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          465      0.02%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          748      0.04%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          645      0.03%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097         1325      0.07%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161         3176      0.16%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225         2046      0.10%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289         1214      0.06%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353         1113      0.06%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          836      0.04%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          518      0.03%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          493      0.02%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          489      0.02%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          333      0.02%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          288      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          236      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          450      0.02%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          199      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          162      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          188      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          231      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          225      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          195      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          180      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          194      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          159      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          161      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          136      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          147      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          168      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          156      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          173      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          146      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          133      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          146      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          132      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          141      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          130      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273          190      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          246      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          211      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          206      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          167      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          162      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          189      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          170      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          176      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          170      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          223      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          235      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          204      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          220      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          240      0.01%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          260      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          297      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          291      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          278      0.01%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          226      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          218      0.01%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          379      0.02%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          541      0.03%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          584      0.03%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          634      0.03%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          442      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          274      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          118      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           62      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           39      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          734      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2002717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  66389468750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            251164667500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                43655250000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              141119948750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7603.84                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  16163.00                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28766.83                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       653.89                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       118.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               653.89                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               118.21                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.29                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.77                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  7594078                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  712768                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                45.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      82890.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    772104060                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             7937002                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7937002                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1578532                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            794521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           794521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19041578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               19041578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    659843520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           659843520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              659843520                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         11469155500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        41417834500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       539610916                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    463387216                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     11003653                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    309398073                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       278396761                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.980121                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        23668710                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       229512                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            496377480                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            3163165                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                  5032                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        499540645                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           168569685                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           1382026                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   11                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       169951711                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            664947165                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            4545191                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                  5043                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        669492356                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           255825132                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses            789305                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       256614437                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  106                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1709208783                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    278726458                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2566218871                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           539610916                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    302065471                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             458346676                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        72060793                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      491322162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       157007                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     17824860                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          378                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         255825132                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       4380231                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1303592383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.968575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.065349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        845245707     64.84%     64.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         32492566      2.49%     67.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         62922936      4.83%     72.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         26685585      2.05%     74.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         42455598      3.26%     77.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         23039242      1.77%     79.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         20582877      1.58%     80.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         82035162      6.29%     87.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        168132710     12.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1303592383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.315708                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.501407                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        338602962                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     456061277                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         420959854                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      31405216                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       56563073                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     43276698                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        671331                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2534399485                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       1871837                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       56563073                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        376549186                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       161768747                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    202140299                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         413171229                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      93399848                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2495227311                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        297508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        7454651                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      54357931                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1754915690                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3197079508                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3158942435                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     38137073                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1432210184                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        322705471                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      8706875                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       346524                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         294684002                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    530890684                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    183503962                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     12447476                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      7760959                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2393448982                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       666809                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2267823359                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      4485303                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    374296108                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    195244607                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        45147                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1303592383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.739672                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.127041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    620115315     47.57%     47.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    147864863     11.34%     58.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    142425245     10.93%     69.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     74278022      5.70%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    120924568      9.28%     84.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     78863096      6.05%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6    103781919      7.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11146166      0.86%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4193189      0.32%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1303592383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         3437104     13.26%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       13490672     52.05%     65.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       8991813     34.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3917938      0.17%      0.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1566214260     69.06%     69.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       747149      0.03%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     69.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      9789948      0.43%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            1      0.00%     69.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt      5873987      0.26%     69.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            1      0.00%     69.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      1957989      0.09%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    506726307     22.34%     92.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    172595779      7.61%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2267823359                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.326826                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            25919589                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011429                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5810109415                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2738288217                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2198658977                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     59534573                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     30165288                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     29758112                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2260057851                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        29767159                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     33345282                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    107977966                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       433564                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        47429                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     43283189                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        18803                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      2951369                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       56563073                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       113085833                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       6477364                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2435659428                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      5074632                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     530890684                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    183503962                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       345719                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        2782809                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        734854                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        47429                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      7368122                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      4149354                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     11517476                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2250566692                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     500213669                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     17256662                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              41543637                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            670167513                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        480175461                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          169953844                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.316730                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2236853940                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2228417089                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1302417864                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1724215689                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.303771                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.755368                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    385386442                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       621662                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     10351884                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1247029310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.628185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.575483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    731675575     58.67%     58.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    153714720     12.33%     71.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     54019583      4.33%     75.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     30108801      2.41%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     96474101      7.74%     85.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     13590511      1.09%     86.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     31709970      2.54%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     51682684      4.14%     93.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     84053365      6.74%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1247029310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2030394776                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2030394776                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              563133487                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             422912714                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              310778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          439677549                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           29375871                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1971857063                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     16328100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      84053365                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3561213299                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4888342417                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 5110413                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               405616400                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000005                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.854604                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.854604                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.170132                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.170132                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2912378308                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1579851371                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          19969750                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         19579920                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         4617123                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2579545                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1               297                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               297                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.009064                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.009064                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                 1262089378                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  431772347                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         4981121.946416                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         2685168.299918                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          7666290.246334                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 973                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 973                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 1297111.385406                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 443753.696814                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.745096                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.254904                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            1764.557129                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1       288981                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2       288981                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1     31594283                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2     31594283                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   8727220                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32311.779336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    25183032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   8759310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.875002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6810.044936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   134.039883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 25175.235034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        123.154812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         69.304671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.207826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.768287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.003758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.002115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.986077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2212987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3162390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5375377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         18747582                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total              18747582                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14836113                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              14836113                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       2212987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      17998503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 20211490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2212987                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     17998503                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                20211490                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      7925213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               7937002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       794521                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              794521                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8719734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8731523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11789                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8719734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8731523                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    931465000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 486062049500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    486993514500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56622506000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   56622506000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    931465000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 542684555500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     543616020500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    931465000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 542684555500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    543616020500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2224776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11087603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            13312379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     18747582                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          18747582                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15630634                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          15630634                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2224776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26718237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             28943013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2224776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26718237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            28943013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.714781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.596212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050831                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.050831                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.301680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.301680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79011.366528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61331.102331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61357.363208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71266.217004                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71266.217004                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79011.366528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62236.365869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62259.014894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79011.366528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62236.365869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62259.014894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1578532                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1578532                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7925213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          7937002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       794521                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         794521                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8719734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8731523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8719734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8731523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    796052000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 395019355500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 395815407500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47501898000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47501898000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    796052000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 442521253500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 443317305500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    796052000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 442521253500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 443317305500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.714781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.596212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.301680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.301680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67524.980914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49843.373989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49869.636860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59786.837604                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59786.837604                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67524.980914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50749.398261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50772.048072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67524.980914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50749.398261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50772.048072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  3571474837                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           13312379                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13312379                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         18747582                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         15630634                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        15630634                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4449552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     72184056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              76633608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    142385664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2909812416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         3052198080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            3052198080                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        42592879500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3340183633                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       42198731981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2711392917                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 6669360.985594                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  6669360.985594                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           2224776                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           371897112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           2225800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            167.084694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1008.001512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    15.998488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.984376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.015624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    253577433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       253577433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    253577433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        253577433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    253577433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       253577433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2247692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       2247692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2247692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        2247692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2247692                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       2247692                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12659265615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12659265615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12659265615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  12659265615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12659265615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  12659265615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    255825125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    255825125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    255825125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    255825125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    255825125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    255825125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5632.117574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5632.117574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5632.117574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  5632.117574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5632.117574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  5632.117574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6999                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               229                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.563319                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2224776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2224776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2224776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2224776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2224776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2224776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7828284854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7828284854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7828284854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7828284854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7828284854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7828284854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3518.684512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3518.684512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3518.684512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3518.684512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3518.684512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3518.684512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           70                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.068359                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.002930                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         1407931284                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          301826194                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 12035550.525191                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 1110996.000636                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  13146546.525827                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          318                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          318                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 4427456.867925                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 949138.974843                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.823468                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.176532                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      62.161434                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1          954                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2          954                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1         6782                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1        14524                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        21306                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       303372                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       303372                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1    21.327044                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          26700664                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           965.172635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           552033390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          26701618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             20.674155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   964.838133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.334502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.942225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.942551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    431417853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       431417853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    119598121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      119598121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       315267                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       315267                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    551015974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        551015974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    551015974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       551015974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     28482201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      28482201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     20311874                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     20311874                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          240                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          240                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     48794075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       48794075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     48794075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      48794075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1362446427716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1362446427716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 392990246981                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 392990246981                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      3568500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      3568500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1755436674697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1755436674697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1755436674697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1755436674697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    459900054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    459900054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    139909995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    139909995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       315507                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       315507                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    599810049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    599810049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    599810049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    599810049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.145178                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.145178                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47835.012038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47835.012038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19347.808429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19347.808429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14868.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14868.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35976.431046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35976.431046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35976.431046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35976.431046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     29150703                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           4722456                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.172784                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     18747582                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          18747582                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17394422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     17394422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4681656                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      4681656                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     22076078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     22076078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     22076078                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     22076078                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11087779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11087779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15630218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     15630218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          240                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          240                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26717997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     26717997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26717997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     26717997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 505950552017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 505950552017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 124732380663                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 124732380663                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      3073500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3073500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 630682932680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 630682932680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 630682932680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 630682932680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.111716                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111716                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000761                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000761                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45631.370540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45631.370540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7980.207356                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7980.207356                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12806.250000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12806.250000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23605.172674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23605.172674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23605.172674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23605.172674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
