
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.383246                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                383245897140                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               716271338007                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 285175                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   285175                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36430760                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2353656                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10519.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        44736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      6927168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            6971904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        44736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         44736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      4714304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         4714304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       108237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              108936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         73661                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              73661                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       116729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     18074996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              18191725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       116729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           116729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        12300990                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             12300990                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        12300990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       116729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     18074996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             30492715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      108936                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      73661                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    108936                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    73661                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                    6971904                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 4714304                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd              6971904                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr              4714304                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    117                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0                4038                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1                3801                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2                3465                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3                4249                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4                3525                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5                4783                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6                9987                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               13184                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               16160                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               14278                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10               7027                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11               5471                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12               5405                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13               4948                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14               4321                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15               4177                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0                3760                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1                3605                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2                3210                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3                3294                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4                3145                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5                3927                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6                5368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7                5959                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8                7071                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9                7136                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10               5068                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11               4802                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12               4807                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13               4512                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14               4072                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15               3925                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  382849906194                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                108936                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                73661                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   90787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   14503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                    2762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                    3190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                    3203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                    3203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                    3203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                    3203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                    3203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                    3203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                    3203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                    3203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                   3203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                   3203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                   3203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                   3203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                   3203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   3202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   3202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   3202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   3202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   3202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   3202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   3202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        35638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    327.233627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.197003                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   655.758380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        16813     47.18%     47.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129         4807     13.49%     60.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         2888      8.10%     68.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         1411      3.96%     72.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         1299      3.64%     76.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         1438      4.04%     80.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449          852      2.39%     82.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513          629      1.76%     84.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577          363      1.02%     85.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641          373      1.05%     86.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705          338      0.95%     87.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769          442      1.24%     88.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833          412      1.16%     89.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897          334      0.94%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961          276      0.77%     91.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          288      0.81%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          318      0.89%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          270      0.76%     94.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          188      0.53%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          224      0.63%     95.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          186      0.52%     95.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          256      0.72%     96.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          374      1.05%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          248      0.70%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           53      0.15%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           32      0.09%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           19      0.05%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           23      0.06%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           24      0.07%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           10      0.03%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            8      0.02%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           11      0.03%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           14      0.04%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           11      0.03%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           12      0.03%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           14      0.04%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            8      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            6      0.02%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            8      0.02%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            7      0.02%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            4      0.01%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            5      0.01%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            4      0.01%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            4      0.01%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            2      0.01%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            3      0.01%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.01%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.00%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            2      0.01%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            4      0.01%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            3      0.01%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.00%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            4      0.01%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.01%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.01%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            4      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            2      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            2      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            6      0.02%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.00%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            3      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            6      0.02%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            8      0.02%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            3      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            3      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           37      0.10%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            3      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            3      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.00%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            3      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929           10      0.03%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            2      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            1      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            2      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            2      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            8      0.02%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            8      0.02%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            3      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            6      0.02%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            6      0.02%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           41      0.12%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            7      0.02%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           37      0.10%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           33      0.09%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           21      0.06%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8896-8897            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9216-9217            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        35638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1111028537                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              3451918537                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  544095000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                1796795000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10209.88                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  16511.78                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                31721.65                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        18.19                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        12.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                18.19                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                12.30                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.45                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    92567                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   54260                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 85.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                73.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2096693.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     30492715                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               55988                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              55988                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             73661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             52948                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            52948                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       291533                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 291533                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11686208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            11686208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               11686208                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           257037705                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          346726952                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        56644335                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     52974090                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      2909876                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     36598678                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        34810158                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     95.113157                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          893621                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         2940                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            579323733                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             919019                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     4                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        580242752                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           228758581                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            151775                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       228910356                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            808082314                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1070794                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     4                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        809153108                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           163516307                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              3544                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       163519851                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   14                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1150889214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    326827338                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2129010897                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            56644335                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     35703779                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             286916727                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        15619778                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      518687960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          173                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        26871                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           20                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         163516307                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       2025619                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1144854002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.859635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.305779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        857937275     74.94%     74.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4248219      0.37%     75.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          5912281      0.52%     75.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          3955350      0.35%     76.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          6616862      0.58%     76.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         12049430      1.05%     77.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          7961369      0.70%     78.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          2796474      0.24%     78.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        243376742     21.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1144854002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.049218                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.849883                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        388057821                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     458977530                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         283656344                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1779035                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       12383271                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      2746400                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         11669                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2118604333                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         32591                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       12383271                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        417692252                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       238014638                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles         5715                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         255087156                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     221670969                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2109544812                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           308                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       37208419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     179076972                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1821987356                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3314178482                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    772434165                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   2541744317                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1732015272                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         89972032                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          397                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts           81                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         505514513                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    587357644                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    231047517                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    133763576                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     16970222                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2091757966                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          108                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2055490240                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       763661                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     91056241                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69248068                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           62                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1144854002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.795417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.577126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    279719698     24.43%     24.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    290712626     25.39%     49.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    236236957     20.63%     70.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    167306097     14.61%     85.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    100138051      8.75%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     45367369      3.96%     97.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     18116309      1.58%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3756654      0.33%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3500241      0.31%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1144854002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         5694235      0.51%      0.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        176220      0.02%      0.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp           131      0.00%      0.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult    455982293     40.82%     41.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv     373241547     33.41%     74.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt    278039373     24.89%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        3097272      0.28%     99.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        920109      0.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          128      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     436692853     21.25%     21.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       175808      0.01%     21.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     21.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    420068631     20.44%     41.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      5572923      0.27%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       559555      0.03%     41.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    322657228     15.70%     57.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     29487500      1.43%     59.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt     28925040      1.41%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    582187027     28.32%     88.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    229163547     11.15%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2055490240                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.786002                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt          1117151180                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.543496                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2218679637                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    620647340                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    524113534                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   4155069683                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   1562233940                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1520102315                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      540509202                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      2632132090                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     90974972                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     25213841                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10471                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        68016                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3672018                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        62176                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       12383271                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        32901568                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      11452730                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2094694693                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1143271                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     587357644                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    231047517                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           80                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        8842104                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         11342                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        68016                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1709823                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1555849                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      3265672                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2051842999                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     580243264                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      3647238                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               2936619                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            809153620                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         46786850                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          228910356                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.782833                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2046465635                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2044215849                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1477966786                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1860503975                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.776206                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.794391                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     86142925                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           46                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2898234                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1132470731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.768207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.735904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    657573516     58.07%     58.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    119607815     10.56%     68.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     59241003      5.23%     73.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     51516721      4.55%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     34979885      3.09%     81.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     45106412      3.98%     85.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     26791505      2.37%     87.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     17628696      1.56%     89.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    120025178     10.60%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1132470731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2002442910                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2002442910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              789519272                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             562143784                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  16                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           41279967                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1514954274                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1195537332                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       680125                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     120025178                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3098118608                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4189592789                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  127873                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 6035212                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000005                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.575445                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.575445                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.737787                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.737787                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1439431380                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       471408720                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1788740140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1299221171                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          814330                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes             96                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              1800                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1110                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.013733                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008469                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 2150964943                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         2118810.287704                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          2118810.287704                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            8751.172680                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    108940                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 129832.619140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     7323343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    238896                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     30.654942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    105421.213204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   437.536811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 14722.400566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        216.969284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       9034.499276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.804300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.003338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.112323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.068928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.990544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2877281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 2877281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          3040304                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               3040304                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       279462                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                279462                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       3156743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  3156743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3156743                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 3156743                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        55289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 55988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        52948                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               52948                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       108237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 108936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       108237                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                108936                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53708341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3227134560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3280842901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3478317865                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3478317865                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53708341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6705452425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       6759160766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53708341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6705452425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      6759160766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2932570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             2933269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3040304                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           3040304                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       332410                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            332410                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3264980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              3265679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3264980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             3265679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.019087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.159285                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.159285                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.033358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.033358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76835.967096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58368.474018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58599.037312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65693.092563                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65693.092563                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76835.967096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61951.573168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62047.080543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76835.967096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61951.573168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62047.080543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                73661                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     73661                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        55289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            55988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        52948                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          52948                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       108237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            108936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       108237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           108936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     48362153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2801691912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2850054065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3070550045                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3070550045                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     48362153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5872241957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5920604110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     48362153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5872241957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5920604110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.019087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.159285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.033358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.033358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69187.629471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50673.586283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50904.730746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57991.804129                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57991.804129                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69187.629471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54253.554302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54349.380462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69187.629471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54253.554302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54349.380462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  1053065186                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2933269                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2933269                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          3040304                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           332410                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          332410                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9570264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               9571662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    403538176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          403582912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             403582912                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4124734803                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            818842                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3277540381                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2150964976                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 9964683.692924                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  9964683.692924                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                97                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          3054.081283                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1163585701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              3359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          346408.365883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   454.880459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2599.200824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.111055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.634571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.745625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    163515306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       163515306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    163515306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        163515306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    163515306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       163515306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1000                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1000                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74067359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74067359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74067359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74067359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74067359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74067359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    163516306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    163516306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    163516306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    163516306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    163516306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    163516306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74067.359000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74067.359000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74067.359000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74067.359000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74067.359000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74067.359000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          290                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           44                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    96.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           44                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54417200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54417200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54417200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54417200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54417200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54417200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77850.071531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77850.071531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77850.071531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77850.071531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77850.071531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77850.071531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1246                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           37                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.304199                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.009033                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         2150964977                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 38831970.942241                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  38831970.942241                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     333.713930                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           3264980                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 4059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           760311355                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           3269039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            232.579469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  4053.028050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     5.971950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.989509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    479259109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       479259109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    225805327                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      225805327                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    705064436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        705064436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    705064436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       705064436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9030163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       9030163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1570141                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1570141                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     10600304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       10600304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     10600304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      10600304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47825954793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47825954793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29952145629                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  29952145629                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        29970                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        29970                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  77778100422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77778100422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  77778100422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77778100422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    488289272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    488289272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    227375468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    227375468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    715664740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    715664740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    715664740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    715664740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006905                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006905                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5296.244906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5296.244906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19076.086561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19076.086561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         4995                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4995                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7337.346214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  7337.346214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7337.346214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  7337.346214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       376701                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              8354                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    45.092291                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3040304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3040304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6097598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6097598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1237732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1237732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7335330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7335330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7335330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7335330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2932565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2932565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       332409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       332409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3264974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3264974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3264974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3264974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14062126839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14062126839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4584786380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4584786380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        21978                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        21978                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18646913219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18646913219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18646913219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18646913219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001462                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001462                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4795.162883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4795.162883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13792.606037                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13792.606037                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5711.198074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5711.198074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5711.198074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5711.198074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
