
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.452551                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                452550917500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               952550963500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 239518                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   239518                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36131383                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2335152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12525.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        84224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     42960512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           43044736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        84224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         84224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     40566016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        40566016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       671258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              672574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        633844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             633844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       186109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     94929676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              95115786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       186109                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           186109                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        89638568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             89638568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        89638568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       186109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     94929676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            184754353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      672575                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     633844                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    672575                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   633844                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   43044736                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                40566016                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             43044736                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             40566016                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               41603                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               42230                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               42194                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               42149                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               41695                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               42144                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               42238                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               42203                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               41187                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               42038                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              42184                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              42441                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              41430                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              42429                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              42218                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              42187                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               39232                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               39801                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               39762                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               39762                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               39112                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               39744                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               39877                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               39787                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               38969                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               39713                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              39724                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              39819                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              38971                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              39919                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              39817                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              39835                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  452550768000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                672575                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               633844                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  602315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   15702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    8163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   25858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   27202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   27457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   27556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   27558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   27559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   27559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   27559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   27559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   27559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  27558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  27558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  27558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  27558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  27558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  27558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  27558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  27558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  27558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  27558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  27558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  27558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  27558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       150731                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    554.660156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   240.250261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   662.538000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        61384     40.72%     40.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        19767     13.11%     53.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         5944      3.94%     57.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         2618      1.74%     59.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         1991      1.32%     60.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         1815      1.20%     62.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1129      0.75%     62.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         1099      0.73%     63.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         1036      0.69%     64.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         1063      0.71%     64.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         1004      0.67%     65.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         1181      0.78%     66.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833          992      0.66%     67.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1108      0.74%     67.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1133      0.75%     68.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1389      0.92%     69.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1689      1.12%     70.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         2039      1.35%     71.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         2611      1.73%     73.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         4471      2.97%     76.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         5522      3.66%     80.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         6083      4.04%     84.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        21825     14.48%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         1104      0.73%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          160      0.11%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           70      0.05%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           57      0.04%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           33      0.02%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           39      0.03%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           24      0.02%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           13      0.01%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           14      0.01%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           10      0.01%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            7      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            4      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            3      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            4      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            3      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            3      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            5      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            2      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            2      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            3      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            2      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            2      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            3      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            2      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            2      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            2      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            4      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            3      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            3      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            2      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            2      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            5      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          182      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       150731                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  12080955000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             25644710000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3362850000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               10200905000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17962.38                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  15167.05                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38129.43                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        95.12                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        89.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                95.12                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                89.64                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.06                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       1.27                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   613417                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  542256                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     346405.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    184754353                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5633                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5633                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            633844                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            666942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           666941                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1978993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1978993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     83610752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            83610752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               83610752                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          3188585500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3187664250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       430340872                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    333990975                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      6235774                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    255136772                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       247881795                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     97.156436                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        35806432                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       149424                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            340637856                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             321156                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     4                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        340959012                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           208866734                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            185587                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    1                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       209052321                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            549504590                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             506743                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        550011333                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           261554498                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses            219322                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       261773820                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  136                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                905101836                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    266288354                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2222910874                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           430340872                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    283688227                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             436259212                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        21931439                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      168664389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        16964                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1079295                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          122                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         261554498                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       2204482                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    887272271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.505331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.027826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        451013059     50.83%     50.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         34032462      3.84%     54.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         46535798      5.24%     59.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         49639723      5.59%     65.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         40710231      4.59%     70.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         70730958      7.97%     78.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         29556465      3.33%     81.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67375457      7.59%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         97678118     11.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    887272271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.475461                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.455979                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        291098371                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     149426111                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         407619638                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      25142670                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       13985480                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     51450148                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred       1015330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2199329342                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       2396518                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       13985480                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        305267382                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        26883786                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     75362769                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         419442301                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      46330552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2180979746                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          1638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       22950155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      14351220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1514032420                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    2831992560                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2798088316                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     33904244                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1426814662                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         87217748                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      4019374                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2951912                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          98575858                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    345655957                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    213632931                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     23986487                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     11369038                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2081026629                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5748813                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2062797263                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       916009                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     83879469                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     48841700                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       111517                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    887272271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.324875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.013753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208247510     23.47%     23.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    168339239     18.97%     42.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    146238550     16.48%     58.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    114818883     12.94%     71.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     94989325     10.71%     82.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     78892362      8.89%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     55116969      6.21%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     12632113      1.42%     99.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      7997320      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    887272271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         3050969     12.05%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult         718094      2.84%     14.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     14.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          1173      0.00%     14.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     14.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     14.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult         4438      0.02%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             1      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     14.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       13391289     52.88%     67.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       8157989     32.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            2      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1493034712     72.38%     72.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      3277155      0.16%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      5798253      0.28%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp          104      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          718      0.00%     72.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult      2671196      0.13%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv           58      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            1      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    347437914     16.84%     89.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    210577150     10.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2062797263                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.279078                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            25323953                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012277                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5004534485                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2150260376                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2027093273                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     34572273                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     20417255                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16103260                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2070523993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        17597221                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     38481449                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     17700511                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        51724                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        23990                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      7537242                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1735158                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1617463                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       13985480                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        12215678                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2791262                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2147031468                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      6271909                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     345655957                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    213632931                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      2893060                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           1327                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        23990                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      2803812                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      3654117                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      6457929                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2050782452                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     341107411                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     12014810                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              60256026                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            550159746                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        407791741                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          209052335                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.265803                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2045390134                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2043196533                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1138968129                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1619493419                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.257422                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.703287                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     88933420                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5637296                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      5257319                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    873286791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.356416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.522090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    253156403     28.99%     28.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    194549655     22.28%     51.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    139326878     15.95%     67.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     44255503      5.07%     72.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     54115947      6.20%     78.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     50052116      5.73%     84.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     39106349      4.48%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     39296990      4.50%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     59426950      6.80%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    873286791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2057826912                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2057826912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              534051133                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             327955446                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars             2818580                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          398819024                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           15974709                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1966709693                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     33249484                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      59426950                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           2960505695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4307507246                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  432839                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                17829565                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.452551                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.452551                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.209696                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.209696                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2718268129                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1450127846                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          21596887                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         11425965                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         6675875                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        5637161                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              6275                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               280                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.191498                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008545                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                  751647709                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  190214074                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         288601.480326                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         101753.151869                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          390354.632195                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                  21                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                  20                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 35792748.047619                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 9510703.700000                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.798045                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.201955                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            1725.402208                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1         5880                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2         5600                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1         17279                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2          17279                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       664969                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       632481                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    641024                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8700.726118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1239229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    672554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.842572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7182.681143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   133.027975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   111.725647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       1105.019173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        168.272180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.219198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.003410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.033723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.005135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.265525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       191689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       394155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  585844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1113670                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1113670                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        62128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 62128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        191689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        456283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   647972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       191689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       456283                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  647972                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  5633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       666942                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              666942                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       671259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 672575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1316                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       671259                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                672575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     90410750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    308690250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       399101000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47771583250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   47771583250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     90410750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  48080273500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      48170684250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     90410750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  48080273500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     48170684250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       193005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       398472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              591477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1113670                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1113670                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       729070                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            729070                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       193005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1127542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1320547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       193005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1127542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1320547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.009524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.914785                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.914785                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.595329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.509315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.595329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.509315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68701.177812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71505.733148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70850.523700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71627.792597                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71627.792597                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68701.177812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71627.007608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71621.282757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68701.177812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71627.007608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71621.282757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               633844                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    633844                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             5633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       666942                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         666942                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       671259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            672575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       671259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           672575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75303250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    259148750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    334452000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40115755750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40115755750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75303250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40374904500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40450207750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75303250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40374904500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40450207750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.009524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.914785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.914785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.595329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.509315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.595329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.509315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57221.314590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60029.823952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59373.690751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60148.792174                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60148.792174                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57221.314590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60148.027066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60142.300487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57221.314590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60148.027066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60142.300487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   344248167                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             591477                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            591477                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1113670                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           729070                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          729069                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       386010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3368753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3754763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12352320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    143437504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          155789824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             155789824                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2330778500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         289823496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1848702250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         1905101731                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 6818725.685687                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  6818725.685687                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            192983                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1020.233458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1200827107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            194007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           6189.607112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      891311552250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   313.319673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   706.913784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.305976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.690345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    261360878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       261360878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    261360878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        261360878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    261360878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       261360878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        193618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         193618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        193618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1100238493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1100238493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1100238493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1100238493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1100238493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1100238493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    261554496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    261554496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    261554496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    261554496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    261554496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    261554496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5682.521734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5682.521734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5682.521734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  5682.521734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5682.521734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  5682.521734                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          919                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                41                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.414634                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          613                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       193005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       193005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    683274253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    683274253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    683274253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    683274253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    683274253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    683274253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3540.189389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3540.189389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3540.189389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3540.189389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3540.189389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3540.189389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           64                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            2                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.062500                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.001953                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1          849087280                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2           59020467                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 10363457.831255                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 690372.000468                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  11053829.831723                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          260                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          260                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 3265720.307692                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 227001.796154                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.935007                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.064993                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      60.022064                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1          520                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2          520                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1         1893                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1        14227                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        16120                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       249600                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       249600                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1     7.280769                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1125516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           944.489573                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           757248520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1126476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            672.227833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   774.979399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   169.510173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.756816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.165537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.922353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    295960135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       295960135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    192576962                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      192576962                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2818580                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      2818580                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2818580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      2818580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    488537097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        488537097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    488537097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       488537097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       495594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        495594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10700144                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10700144                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     11195738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       11195738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     11195738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      11195738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3753015250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3753015250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 644197473592                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 644197473592                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       128750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       128750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 647950488842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 647950488842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 647950488842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 647950488842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    296455729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    296455729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    203277106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    203277106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2818590                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2818590                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2818580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      2818580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    499732835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    499732835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    499732835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    499732835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.052638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000004                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7572.761676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7572.761676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60204.561134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60204.561134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        12875                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        12875                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57874.745626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57874.745626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57874.745626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57874.745626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4944080                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     45809873                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            154780                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets          450012                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.942628                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   101.797003                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1113670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1113670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        97131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        97131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9971074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      9971074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10068205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10068205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10068205                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10068205                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       398463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       398463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       729070                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       729070                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1127533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1127533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1127533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1127533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1823082250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1823082250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  48669813264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48669813264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       104750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       104750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50492895514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  50492895514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50492895514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50492895514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003587                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003587                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4575.286162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4575.286162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66756.022418                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66756.022418                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11638.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11638.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44781.745203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44781.745203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44781.745203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44781.745203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
