
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.586716                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                586715552500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1086753752000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 198755                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   198755                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               38870945                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2338136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15093.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       219264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     54149888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           54369152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       219264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        219264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     19170816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        19170816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         3426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       846092                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              849518                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        299544                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             299544                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       373714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     92293255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              92666969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       373714                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           373714                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        32674805                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             32674805                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        32674805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       373714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     92293255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            125341774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      849518                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     299544                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    849518                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   299544                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   54369152                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                19170816                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             54369152                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             19170816                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    198                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               48278                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               47481                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               45358                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               44798                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               47767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               51264                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               56392                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               58047                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               58953                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               58144                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              59640                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              60174                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              55598                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              58586                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              50694                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              48146                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               16942                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               16303                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               16357                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               15618                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               17777                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               18857                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               19687                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               19469                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               19899                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               20594                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              21855                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              20894                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              19555                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              22250                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              17082                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              16405                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  586691475000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                849518                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               299544                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  701439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  140129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    6581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   11575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   13021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   13024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   13024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   13024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   13024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   13024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   13024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   13024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   13024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  13024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  13024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  13024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  13024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  13024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  13023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  13023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  13023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  13023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  13023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  13023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  13023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  13023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       151456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    485.432918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   199.071221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1068.335297                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        58049     38.33%     38.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        21278     14.05%     52.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        12840      8.48%     60.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         5845      3.86%     64.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         4686      3.09%     67.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         8379      5.53%     73.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         3045      2.01%     75.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2933      1.94%     77.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         3227      2.13%     79.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         2607      1.72%     81.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         3115      2.06%     83.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         3321      2.19%     85.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1733      1.14%     86.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1288      0.85%     87.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1128      0.74%     88.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1167      0.77%     88.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1274      0.84%     89.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         1182      0.78%     90.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          915      0.60%     91.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         1032      0.68%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         1331      0.88%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1585      1.05%     93.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         2286      1.51%     95.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          755      0.50%     95.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          527      0.35%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          384      0.25%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          247      0.16%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          209      0.14%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          199      0.13%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          189      0.12%     96.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          143      0.09%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          155      0.10%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           95      0.06%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177          126      0.08%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           78      0.05%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           90      0.06%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           76      0.05%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           79      0.05%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           67      0.04%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           73      0.05%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           38      0.03%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           43      0.03%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           70      0.05%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           53      0.03%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           50      0.03%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           53      0.03%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           44      0.03%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           40      0.03%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           52      0.03%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           31      0.02%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           44      0.03%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           31      0.02%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           44      0.03%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           81      0.05%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           47      0.03%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           28      0.02%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           32      0.02%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           38      0.03%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           37      0.02%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           30      0.02%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           37      0.02%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           26      0.02%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           27      0.02%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           20      0.01%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           12      0.01%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           21      0.01%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           23      0.02%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           19      0.01%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           32      0.02%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           19      0.01%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           30      0.02%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           15      0.01%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           19      0.01%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           24      0.02%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801           14      0.01%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           12      0.01%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929           27      0.02%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           12      0.01%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           23      0.02%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           32      0.02%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           11      0.01%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           25      0.02%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313           19      0.01%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           15      0.01%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           21      0.01%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           19      0.01%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            8      0.01%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            7      0.00%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697           35      0.02%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            8      0.01%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            9      0.01%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           13      0.01%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953           10      0.01%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            8      0.01%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           13      0.01%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           10      0.01%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            8      0.01%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           16      0.01%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            7      0.00%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            7      0.00%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465           17      0.01%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            8      0.01%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.00%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            7      0.00%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           14      0.01%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            9      0.01%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849           12      0.01%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            7      0.00%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977           12      0.01%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041           13      0.01%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105           13      0.01%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            9      0.01%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            3      0.00%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297           12      0.01%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            4      0.00%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            7      0.00%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            7      0.00%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            7      0.00%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            6      0.00%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            5      0.00%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           19      0.01%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           30      0.02%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           33      0.02%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            9      0.01%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           10      0.01%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           42      0.03%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           12      0.01%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         1789      1.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       151456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3751087750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             21703990250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 4246600000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               13706302500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      4416.58                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  16137.97                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25554.55                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        92.67                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        32.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                92.67                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                32.67                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.04                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.81                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   756251                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  241142                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     510582.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    125341774                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              623804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             623804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            299544                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            225714                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           225714                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1998580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1998580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     73539968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            73539968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               73539968                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1772707000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4028348750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        60938916                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     57076791                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      3008702                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     39400825                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        37559775                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     95.327382                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          935599                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         3131                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            582623685                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1013813                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     2                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        583637498                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           229396192                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            195115                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       229591307                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            812019877                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1208928                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     2                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        813228805                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           166735719                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              6027                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       166741746                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   14                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1173444387                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    168582117                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2160612238                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            60938916                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     38495374                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             292112173                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        19132365                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      667448247                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          968                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        33392                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            9                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         166735719                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        858857                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1143993562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.888658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.319575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        851881389     74.47%     74.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4464430      0.39%     74.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6277764      0.55%     75.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4100157      0.36%     75.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          6811348      0.60%     76.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         13274573      1.16%     77.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          8429123      0.74%     78.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          2939410      0.26%     78.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        245815368     21.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1143993562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.051932                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.841257                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        268434894                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     569152349                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         181931850                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     108669600                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       15804868                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      2881455                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         11812                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2150800886                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         32500                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       15804868                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        290211684                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       226953002                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles         9405                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         263938348                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     347076254                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2138404430                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          9110                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       66307677                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     266088947                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1845571391                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3355693678                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    804810210                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   2550883468                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1732015272                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        113556062                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          393                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts           81                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         704797702                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    592626392                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    231926741                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    132125214                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     18711432                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2116058374                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          110                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2070933607                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1352005                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    114377426                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     82765991                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           64                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1143993562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.810267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.639556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    298809256     26.12%     26.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    274041038     23.95%     50.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    221398658     19.35%     69.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    175582491     15.35%     84.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     89925306      7.86%     92.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     51079460      4.47%     97.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     20782813      1.82%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11443942      1.00%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       930598      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1143993562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         6165274      0.56%      0.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        278286      0.03%      0.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp           826      0.00%      0.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt          6440      0.00%      0.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult    424658414     38.81%     39.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv     367046432     33.54%     72.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt    291795954     26.67%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        3192847      0.29%     99.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1122059      0.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          128      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     446810920     21.58%     21.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187314      0.01%     21.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     21.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    420639117     20.31%     41.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      5670104      0.27%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       574019      0.03%     42.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    322794451     15.59%     57.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     29489350      1.42%     59.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt     28927614      1.40%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    585901994     28.29%     88.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    229938596     11.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2070933607                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.764833                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt          1094266532                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.528393                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2247148152                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    655274826                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    538575573                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   4134331158                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   1575242032                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1521389238                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      555518074                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      2609681937                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     94931328                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     30482589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11878                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        82249                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4551242                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        42985                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       15804868                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        54431588                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      11376597                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2119030066                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       694030                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     592626392                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    231926741                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           81                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3125040                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         81387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        82249                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1808785                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1655240                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      3464025                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2066419906                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     583639956                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      4513698                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               2971582                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            813231263                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         48312953                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          229591307                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.760987                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2062581934                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2059964811                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1494262001                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1879633161                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.755486                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.794975                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    109492317                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           46                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2996914                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1128188694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.774918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.813718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    681413004     60.40%     60.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    102211044      9.06%     69.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     52376222      4.64%     74.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     48535639      4.30%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     32831018      2.91%     81.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     30639540      2.72%     84.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     28086583      2.49%     86.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     19933917      1.77%     88.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    132161727     11.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1128188694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2002442910                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2002442910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              789519272                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             562143784                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  16                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           41279967                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1514954274                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1195537332                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       680125                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     132161727                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3105049414                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4239723322                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  573330                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                29450825                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000005                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.586722                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.586722                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.704384                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.704384                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1458500859                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       483915316                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1790269910                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1300557466                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          817058                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes             96                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1               266                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               266                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008118                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008118                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                  923945366                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  251352846                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         2444547.858734                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         757606.899986                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          3202154.758720                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 169                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 169                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 5467132.343195                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 1487294.946746                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.786137                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.213863                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            1734.207757                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        44954                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        44954                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1      5492838                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2      5492838                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    848880                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32477.888422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    23409985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    881382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     26.560544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10140.736561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    68.682960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 19875.770202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          2.620506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       2390.078194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.309471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.002096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.606560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.072939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.991146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           72                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11955570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                11955642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          6964388                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               6964388                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       211795                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                211795                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      12167365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 12167437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           72                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     12167365                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                12167437                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       620378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                623804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       225714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              225714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       846092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 849518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3426                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       846092                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                849518                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233071250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36448144000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36681215250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13466778000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13466778000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233071250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49914922000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      50147993250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233071250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49914922000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     50147993250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12575948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            12579446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      6964388                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           6964388                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       437509                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            437509                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13013457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             13016955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13013457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            13016955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.979417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.049589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.515907                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.515907                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.979417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.065262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.979417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.065262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68030.137186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58751.509564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58802.468804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59663.016029                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59663.016029                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68030.137186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58994.674338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59031.113231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68030.137186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58994.674338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59031.113231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               299544                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    299544                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       620378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           623804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       225714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         225714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       846092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            849518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       846092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           849518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193742750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29324214000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29517956750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10874303000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10874303000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193742750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40198517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40392259750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193742750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40198517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40392259750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.979417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.049589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.515907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.515907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.979417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.065262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.979417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.065262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56550.715120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47268.300939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47319.280976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48177.352756                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48177.352756                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56550.715120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47510.810881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47547.267686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56550.715120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47510.810881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47547.267686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2179601251                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           12579446                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          12579446                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          6964388                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           437509                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          437509                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         6996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     32991302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              32998298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       223872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1278582080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1278805952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1278805952                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        16955059500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           6069745                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       19723734250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2173507500                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 4346800.200353                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  4346800.200353                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3498                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           719585679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              4522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          159129.959973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   540.673034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   483.326966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.528001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.471999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    166730811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       166730811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    166730811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        166730811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    166730811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       166730811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          4908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           4908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4908                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          4908                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    318448744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    318448744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    318448744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    318448744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    318448744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    318448744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    166735719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    166735719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    166735719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    166735719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    166735719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    166735719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64883.607172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64883.607172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64883.607172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64883.607172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64883.607172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64883.607172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           68                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          270                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           34                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          270                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    236754255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    236754255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    236754255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    236754255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    236754255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    236754255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67682.748714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67682.748714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67682.748714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67682.748714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67682.748714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67682.748714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           78                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.076172                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.002930                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         1058004507                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          117680395                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 14174932.387201                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 1488185.999151                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  15663118.386352                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          389                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          389                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 2719805.930591                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 302520.295630                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.899905                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.100095                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      60.695346                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1         1167                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2         1167                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1        10581                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1        18594                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        29175                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       367994                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       367994                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1    27.200514                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          12985543                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           952.482004                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           675234186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          12986489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             51.995130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   952.401774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.080229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.930080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.930158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    449456958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       449456958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    224826430                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      224826430                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    674283388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        674283388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    674283388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       674283388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     38195657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      38195657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2549038                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2549038                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     40744695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       40744695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     40744695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      40744695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 270859569250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 270859569250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 113078963392                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 113078963392                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       196500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       196500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 383938532642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 383938532642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 383938532642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 383938532642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    487652615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    487652615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    227375468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    227375468                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    715028083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    715028083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    715028083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    715028083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.444444                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7091.370866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7091.370866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44361.427092                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44361.427092                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24562.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24562.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9423.031210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9423.031210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9423.031210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9423.031210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       260672                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             15476                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.843629                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      6964388                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           6964388                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     25616647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     25616647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2114599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2114599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     27731246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     27731246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     27731246                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     27731246                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12579010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12579010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       434439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       434439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13013449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13013449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13013449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13013449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75078907500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  75078907500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14354792936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14354792936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       179500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       179500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  89433700436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  89433700436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  89433700436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  89433700436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001911                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001911                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5968.586359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5968.586359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33042.136954                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33042.136954                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6872.405650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6872.405650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6872.405650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6872.405650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
