
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.454327                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                454326829500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               954326875500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 393019                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   393019                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               59519746                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2206004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7633.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        76416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     42562112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           42638528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        76416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         76416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     40193152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        40193152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       665033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              666227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        628018                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             628018                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       168196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     93681705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              93849901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       168196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           168196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        88467485                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             88467485                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        88467485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       168196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     93681705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            182317386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      666227                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     628018                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    666227                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   628018                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   42638528                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                40193152                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             42638528                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             40193152                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               41213                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               41833                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               41774                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               41763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               41280                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               41760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               41839                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               41742                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               40775                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               41647                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              41800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              42064                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              41156                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              41995                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              41791                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              41791                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               38836                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               39414                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               39393                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               39415                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               38796                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               39388                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               39540                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               39388                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               38635                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               39335                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              39375                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              39465                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              38754                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              39520                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              39391                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              39373                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  454326681500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                666227                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               628018                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  596444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   15758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    8113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   25647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   26946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   27205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   27305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   27305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   27305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   27305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   27305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   27305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   27305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  27305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  27305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  27305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  27305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  27305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  27305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  27305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  27305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  27305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  27305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  27305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  27305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  27305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       128123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    646.420330                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   282.164912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   707.600842                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        50127     39.12%     39.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        13367     10.43%     49.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         2544      1.99%     51.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         1930      1.51%     53.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         1655      1.29%     54.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         1717      1.34%     55.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1030      0.80%     56.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         1017      0.79%     57.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         1018      0.79%     58.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641          914      0.71%     58.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705          988      0.77%     59.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         1042      0.81%     60.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833          940      0.73%     61.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897          956      0.75%     61.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1016      0.79%     62.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1042      0.81%     63.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1138      0.89%     64.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         1313      1.02%     65.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         2027      1.58%     66.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         2274      1.77%     68.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         2750      2.15%     70.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         2665      2.08%     72.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        32934     25.70%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         1084      0.85%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          115      0.09%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           53      0.04%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           51      0.04%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           26      0.02%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           28      0.02%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           12      0.01%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           12      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           18      0.01%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            7      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            2      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            7      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            7      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            7      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            3      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            3      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            5      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            1      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            4      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            2      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            3      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            2      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            4      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            2      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            2      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            2      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            3      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          199      0.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       128123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  10216248250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             23646655750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3331115000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               10099292500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15334.58                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  15159.03                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35493.60                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        93.85                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        88.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                93.85                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                88.47                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       1.33                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   607485                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  558630                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     351036.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    182317386                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5393                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5393                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            628018                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            660834                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           660834                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1960472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1960472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     82831680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            82831680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               82831680                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          3159194500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3157522250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       431486308                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    334937711                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      6408744                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    256392230                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       248720230                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     97.007710                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        35812362                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       149273                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            340559952                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             322580                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     5                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        340882532                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           209008362                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            185229                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       209193591                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            549568314                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             507809                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        550076123                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           261318345                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses            227551                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       261545896                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  136                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                908653660                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    267033167                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2229376447                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           431486308                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    284532592                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             437623161                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        22539680                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      168794845                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        17026                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1131444                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          200                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         261318345                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       2296738                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    889957466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.505037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.027902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        452334305     50.83%     50.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         34181822      3.84%     54.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         46774540      5.26%     59.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         49692580      5.58%     65.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         41298493      4.64%     70.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         70475358      7.92%     78.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         29531017      3.32%     81.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67543867      7.59%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         98125484     11.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    889957466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.474863                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.453494                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        292355574                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     149204808                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         408949696                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      25066327                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       14381060                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     51621359                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred       1035414                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2205304566                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       2392996                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       14381060                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        307143722                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        26655998                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     75218245                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         420095915                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      46462525                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2184702078                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          1708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       22957452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      14168267                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1515943170                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    2837561587                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2802045531                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     35516056                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1426609402                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         89333747                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      4020093                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2952432                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          99270321                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    345288113                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    213924591                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     23736853                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     11257530                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2083179950                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5675973                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2064576607                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       854482                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     86329284                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     50310689                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        37641                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    889957466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.319860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.012322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    209726958     23.57%     23.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    169389008     19.03%     42.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    145327610     16.33%     58.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    115647464     12.99%     71.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     95717690     10.76%     82.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     78650166      8.84%     91.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     54993221      6.18%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     12533721      1.41%     99.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      7971628      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    889957466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         3043367     11.94%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult         718073      2.82%     14.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     14.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          1326      0.01%     14.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     14.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     14.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult         7561      0.03%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             1      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     14.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       13392744     52.56%     67.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       8315732     32.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            2      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1494777142     72.40%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      3275243      0.16%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      5812863      0.28%     72.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp          106      0.00%     72.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          719      0.00%     72.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult      2673313      0.13%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv           55      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            1      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    347287720     16.82%     89.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    210749443     10.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2064576607                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.272127                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            25478804                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012341                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5010958994                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2153366714                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2028607039                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     34484967                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     21839060                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16109964                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2072505129                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        17550280                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     38387094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     17282506                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        48231                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        21642                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      8183483                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1726151                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1617486                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       14381060                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        12183840                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2813271                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2148439175                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      6864887                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     345288113                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    213924591                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      2856642                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           1756                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           915                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        21642                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      2883704                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      3754896                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      6638600                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2052364465                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     341030933                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     12212137                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              59583252                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            550224537                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        408761995                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          209193604                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.258687                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2046870668                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2044717003                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1140750481                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1623345184                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.250271                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.702716                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     91372965                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5638332                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      5432181                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    875576406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.349079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.520593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    255224870     29.15%     29.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    194959922     22.27%     51.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    138849755     15.86%     67.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     44885110      5.13%     72.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     54613058      6.24%     78.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     49686539      5.67%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     38590372      4.41%     88.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     39077662      4.46%     93.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     59689118      6.82%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    875576406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2056798499                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2056798499                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              533746711                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             328005607                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars             2819098                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          399532430                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           15975317                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1966705310                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     33255029                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      59689118                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           2963944833                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4310725137                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  429110                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                18696194                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.454327                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.454327                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.201059                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.201059                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2719205647                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1450558641                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          21611372                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         11432543                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         6677103                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        5638197                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              1264                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 1                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.038574                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.000031                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                  755604131                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  189646142                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         278367.406805                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         79309.883400                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          357677.290206                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                  19                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                  18                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 39768638.473684                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 10535896.777778                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.799369                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.200631                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg             309.284905                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1           19                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2           18                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1          3700                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2           3700                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       618873                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       586106                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    635104                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8974.100662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1227367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    666850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.840544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7198.099550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   152.435292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   109.049001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       1314.129580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        200.387238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.219669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.003328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.040104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.006115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.273868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       191850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       389476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  581326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1101134                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1101134                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        57182                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 57182                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        191850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        446658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   638508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       191850                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       446658                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  638508                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  5393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       660834                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              660834                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       665033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 666227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1194                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       665033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                666227                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     81266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    305401500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       386667500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47571579750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   47571579750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     81266000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47876981250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      47958247250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     81266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47876981250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     47958247250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       193044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       393675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              586719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1101134                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1101134                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       718016                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            718016                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       193044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1111691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1304735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       193044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1111691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1304735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.009192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.920361                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.920361                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.598217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.510622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.598217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.510622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68061.976549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72731.959990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71698.034489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71987.185511                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71987.185511                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68061.976549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71991.887997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71984.844880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68061.976549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71991.887997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71984.844880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               628018                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    628018                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             5393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       660834                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         660834                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       665033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            666227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       665033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           666227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    257226500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    324776500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39985972250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39985972250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40243198750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40310748750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40243198750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40310748750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.009192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.920361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.920361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.598217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.510622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.598217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.510622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56574.539363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61258.990236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60221.861673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60508.345893                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60508.345893                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56574.539363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60513.085441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60506.026850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56574.539363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60513.085441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60506.026850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   338909362                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             586719                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            586719                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1101134                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           718016                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          718016                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       386088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3324516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3710604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12354816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    141620800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          153975616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             153975616                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2304068500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         289856746                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1824486749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         1908653413                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 6585222.100044                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  6585222.100044                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      53.224000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            193022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1020.226484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1200611350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            194046                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           6187.251219                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      892830709250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   319.748147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   700.478337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.312254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.684061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    261124550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       261124550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    261124550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        261124550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    261124550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       261124550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        193787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         193787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        193787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1673330740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1673330740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1673330740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1673330740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1673330740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1673330740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    261318337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    261318337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    261318337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    261318337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    261318337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    261318337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8634.896768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8634.896768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8634.896768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8634.896768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8634.896768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8634.896768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1253                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                55                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.781818                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          743                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          743                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       193044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       193044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1250035251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1250035251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1250035251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1250035251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1250035251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1250035251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6475.390331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6475.390331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6475.390331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6475.390331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6475.390331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6475.390331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           46                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.044922                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1          847443958                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2           65008100                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 9415641.701210                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 669899.999781                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  10085541.700990                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          257                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          257                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 3297447.307393                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 252949.805447                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.928755                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.071245                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg       9.679785                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1         1262                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1        10560                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        11822                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       251346                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       251346                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1     4.910506                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1110325                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           962.735755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           750347759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1111303                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            675.196377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      589432722750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   788.086886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   174.648869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.769616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.170556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.940172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    295966870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       295966870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    192226428                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      192226428                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2819051                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      2819051                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2819098                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      2819098                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    488193298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        488193298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    488193298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       488193298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       520751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        520751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10695576                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10695576                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           53                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           53                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     11216327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       11216327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     11216327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      11216327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4999047249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4999047249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 646401743487                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 646401743487                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       503250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       503250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 651400790736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 651400790736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 651400790736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 651400790736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    296487621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    296487621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    202922004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    202922004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2819104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2819104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2819098                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      2819098                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    499409625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    499409625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    499409625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    499409625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052708                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.052708                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9599.688237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9599.688237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60436.365792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60436.365792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9495.283019                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9495.283019                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58076.123381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58076.123381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58076.123381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58076.123381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      5139916                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     46384349                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            194669                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets          443999                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.403362                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   104.469490                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1101134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1101134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       127082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9977563                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      9977563                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10104645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10104645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10104645                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10104645                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       393669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       393669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       718013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       718013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1111682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1111682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1111682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1111682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2953000251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2953000251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  48620591099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48620591099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       132250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       132250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51573591350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51573591350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51573591350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51573591350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7501.226287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7501.226287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67715.474649                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67715.474649                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14694.444444                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14694.444444                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46392.395802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46392.395802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46392.395802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46392.395802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
