
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.451759                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                451758817500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               951759285500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 226795                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   226795                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               34152169                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2332308                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13227.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        28800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     45698176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           45726976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        28800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         28800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     44675328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        44675328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       714034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              714484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        698052                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             698052                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        63751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    101156135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             101219886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        63751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            63751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        98891989                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             98891989                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        98891989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        63751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    101156135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            200111875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      714484                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     698052                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    714484                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   698052                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   45726976                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                44675328                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             45726976                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             44675328                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               46367                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               47589                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               47496                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               45227                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               42635                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               42061                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               41854                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               43451                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               46047                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               47032                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              47159                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              45670                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              43155                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              42244                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              42485                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              44012                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               45091                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               46574                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               46470                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               44644                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               42218                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               40988                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               40361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               42202                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               45219                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               46425                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              46230                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              44922                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              42766                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              41374                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              40648                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              41920                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  451745217000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                714484                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               698052                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  204745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  186000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  170369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  153359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                    9705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   30107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  30350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  20646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       127162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    710.879036                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   417.909341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   578.844442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        22430     17.64%     17.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        12358      9.72%     27.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         7789      6.13%     33.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         6422      5.05%     38.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         3514      2.76%     41.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         2958      2.33%     43.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         2639      2.08%     45.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         3697      2.91%     48.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         2243      1.76%     50.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         3156      2.48%     52.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         4265      3.35%     56.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         6040      4.75%     60.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1403      1.10%     62.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897          957      0.75%     62.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961          954      0.75%     63.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         2273      1.79%     65.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          851      0.67%     66.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         1046      0.82%     66.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         1792      1.41%     68.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         8901      7.00%     75.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         4804      3.78%     79.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         4917      3.87%     82.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         5278      4.15%     87.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537        15336     12.06%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          462      0.36%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           48      0.04%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           22      0.02%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          198      0.16%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           31      0.02%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            9      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           10      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           91      0.07%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           18      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           11      0.01%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           13      0.01%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           61      0.05%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           15      0.01%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            5      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            5      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           41      0.03%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            4      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            3      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            8      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           13      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            2      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            2      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            6      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            2      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            4      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            5      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            5      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            3      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            4      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       127162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  32151851000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             40285091000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3572420000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                4560820000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     45000.10                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                   6383.38                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                56383.48                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       101.22                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        98.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               101.22                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                98.89                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.09                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.72                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   670274                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  615098                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 93.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     319811.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    200111875                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               51191                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              51191                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            698052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            663293                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           663293                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2127020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2127020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     90402304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            90402304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               90402304                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          3498476000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3385648000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       226283618                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    171291642                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      5000222                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    163134862                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       132628854                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.300129                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         6543306                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          602                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            465051560                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             144804                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        465196364                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           125066292                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            145441                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       125211733                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            590117852                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             290245                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        590408097                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           260194535                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              1110                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       260195645                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  525                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                903517635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    263069731                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2190827560                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           226283618                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    139172160                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             393800581                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        23288599                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      204321960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          411                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         6672                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          121                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         260194535                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       1869729                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    879431719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.491186                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.325396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        485631138     55.22%     55.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         45023369      5.12%     60.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         51391416      5.84%     66.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         19656269      2.24%     68.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         32329033      3.68%     72.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         21228150      2.41%     74.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         15996729      1.82%     76.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         12789624      1.45%     77.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        195385991     22.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    879431719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.250447                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.424776                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        304428185                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     166180470                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         328584400                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      62233219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       18005444                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     45882073                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        226829                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2178790113                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts        480068                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       18005444                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        309471346                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        44944458                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13618161                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         385164533                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     108227776                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2168560309                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          2354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       47976014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      56728404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1806436678                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3177271780                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1797751415                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   1379520365                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1686180541                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        120256061                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1089295                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       139936                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         236832614                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    474392156                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    127083013                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     25165266                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      8920904                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2122705486                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       278854                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2081245983                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1398168                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    119974969                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     72528875                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1543                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    879431719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.366581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.663356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    126567053     14.39%     14.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    154351187     17.55%     31.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    221341647     25.17%     57.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    177845430     20.22%     77.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    102731193     11.68%     89.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     54567301      6.20%     95.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     30126501      3.43%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      9056327      1.03%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2845080      0.32%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    879431719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1210952      3.22%      3.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      3.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      3.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          2365      0.01%      3.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      3.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      3.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     15693305     41.67%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       16870113     44.79%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3886517     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          232      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     963028951     46.27%     46.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1462000      0.07%     46.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     46.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    266944975     12.83%     59.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp     15362787      0.74%     59.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     11343795      0.55%     60.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    230026485     11.05%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv          114      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    467418126     22.46%     93.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    125658518      6.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2081245983                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.303492                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            37663252                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.018096                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   3425580391                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1370832112                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1259172957                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   1655404712                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    872138882                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    808714518                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1277237597                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       841671406                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     29695664                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     32065672                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        50545                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        11697                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4832155                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       135041                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       251757                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       18005444                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6649276                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1475411                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2140427091                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      6593537                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     474392156                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    127083013                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       139924                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         810208                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         47304                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        11697                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      2016425                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2821403                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4837828                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2075346197                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     465196499                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      5899784                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              17442751                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            590408234                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        208483365                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          125211735                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.296963                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2070760841                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2067887475                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1442162363                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1968159495                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.288707                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.732747                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    123154884                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       277311                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4773423                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    861426275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.341594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.526716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217537108     25.25%     25.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    219770676     25.51%     50.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    156768900     18.20%     68.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     67600230      7.85%     76.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     42933833      4.98%     81.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     30853860      3.58%     85.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     19106323      2.22%     87.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     14483610      1.68%     89.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     92371735     10.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    861426275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2017110886                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2017110886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              564577318                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             442326460                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              138393                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          197944349                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          791595074                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1461337968                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      6376513                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      92371735                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           2909215881                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4298602437                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  199998                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                24085916                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.451759                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.451759                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.213571                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.213571                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2022004644                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       993554030                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1048202901                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        749879795                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1225182                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         276900                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              3152                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               266                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.096191                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008118                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                  683937708                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  247963605                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         602150.613713                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         307624.400002                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          909775.013715                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                  79                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                  79                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 8657439.341772                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 3138779.810127                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.733916                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.266084                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            1772.824168                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        21014                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        21014                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1          2674                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2           5560                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1      2564984                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2      2562098                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    709427                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31262.709393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3948314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    741908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      5.321838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    20293.477824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    52.240698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 10842.356285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         74.634585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.619308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.001594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.330882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.002278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.954062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2887694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 2887721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1738058                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1738058                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       321140                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                321140                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       3208834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  3208861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           27                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3208834                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 3208861                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        50741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 51191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       663293                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              663293                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       714034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 714484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          450                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       714034                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                714484                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41088500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3683777250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3724865750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  60688718750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   60688718750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41088500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  64372496000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      64413584500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41088500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  64372496000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     64413584500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2938435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             2938912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1738058                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1738058                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       984433                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            984433                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3922868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              3923345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3922868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             3923345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.943396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.017418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.673782                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.673782                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.943396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.182018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.182111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.943396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.182018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.182111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91307.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72599.618652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72764.074740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91496.094109                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91496.094109                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91307.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90153.264410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90153.991552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91307.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90153.264410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90153.991552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               698052                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    698052                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        50741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            51191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       663293                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         663293                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       714034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            714484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       714034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           714484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35934500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3101148750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3137083250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53076237250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  53076237250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35934500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56177386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  56213320500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35934500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56177386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  56213320500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.943396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.017418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.673782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.943396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.182018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.182111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.943396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.182018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.182111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79854.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61117.217832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61281.929441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80019.293510                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80019.293510                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79854.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78676.065846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78676.808018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79854.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78676.065846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78676.808018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   802042546                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2938912                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2938912                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1738058                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           984433                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          984433                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9583794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               9584748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    362299264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          362329792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             362329792                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4568759500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            817500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        6054605250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         1903518562                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 6783271.372513                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  6783271.372513                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               312                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           881.702571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1260082927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1017837.582391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   276.768664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   604.933907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.270282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.590756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.861038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    260193857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       260193857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    260193857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        260193857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    260193857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       260193857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55427499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55427499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55427499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     55427499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55427499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     55427499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    260194530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    260194530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    260194530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    260194530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    260194530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    260194530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82358.839525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82358.839525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82358.839525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82358.839525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82358.839525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82358.839525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3244                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                17                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   190.823529                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41627499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41627499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41627499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41627499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41627499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41627499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87269.389937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87269.389937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87269.389937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87269.389937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87269.389937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87269.389937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           78                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.076172                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.002930                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1          813355239                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2           93669256                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 10931886.341384                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 1284731.999952                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  12216618.341336                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          384                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          384                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 2118112.601562                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 243930.354167                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.896729                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.103271                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      60.756258                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1         1152                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2         1152                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1         3926                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1        24874                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        28800                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       363264                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       363264                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1    10.223958                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           3910147                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           950.132944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           547053704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           3911093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            139.872333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   945.207917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     4.925026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.923055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.004810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.927864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    426208587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       426208587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    116434510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      116434510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       138173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       138173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    542643097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        542643097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    542643097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       542643097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      8834916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       8834916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5677952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5677952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          220                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          220                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     14512868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       14512868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     14512868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      14512868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54066416000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  54066416000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 393696042664                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 393696042664                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      2377500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2377500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 447762458664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 447762458664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 447762458664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 447762458664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    435043503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    435043503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    122112462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    122112462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       138393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       138393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       138393                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    557155965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    557155965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    557155965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    557155965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046498                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.046498                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001590                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.001590                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6119.629887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6119.629887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69337.684197                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69337.684197                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10806.818182                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10806.818182                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30852.789308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30852.789308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30852.789308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30852.789308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     26297691                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        40470                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            233803                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              94                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   112.477988                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   430.531915                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1738058                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1738058                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      5896594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      5896594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4693520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      4693520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10590114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10590114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10590114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10590114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2938322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2938322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       984432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       984432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3922754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3922754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3922754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3922754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13171993750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13171993750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  62362275705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  62362275705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1403000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1403000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75534269455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  75534269455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75534269455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  75534269455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008062                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008062                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000824                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000824                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4482.828550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4482.828550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63348.484918                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63348.484918                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12307.017544                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12307.017544                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19255.418376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19255.418376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19255.418376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19255.418376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
