
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.455069                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                455069187000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               955069233000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 393157                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   393157                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               59637823                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2206000                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7630.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     42545600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           42620224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         74624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     40250112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        40250112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       664775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              665941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        628908                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             628908                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       163984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     93492597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              93656581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       163984                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           163984                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        88448335                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             88448335                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        88448335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       163984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     93492597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            182104916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      665941                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     628908                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    665941                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   628908                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   42620224                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                40250112                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             42620224                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             40250112                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               41196                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               41811                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               41763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               41746                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               41263                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               41749                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               41824                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               41723                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               40765                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               41625                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              41774                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              42025                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              41130                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              41982                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              41785                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              41776                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               38854                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               39430                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               39405                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               39424                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               38810                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               39431                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               39601                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               39479                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               38700                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               39431                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              39448                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              39559                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              38837                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              39606                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              39455                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              39438                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  455069039000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                665941                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               628908                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  596360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   15701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    8093                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   25696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   26934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   27212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   27343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  27343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  27343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  27343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  27343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       125869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    658.288475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   287.737363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   713.690138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        48930     38.87%     38.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        13075     10.39%     49.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         2210      1.76%     51.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         1534      1.22%     52.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         1598      1.27%     53.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         1693      1.35%     54.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449          957      0.76%     55.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513          987      0.78%     56.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         1008      0.80%     57.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641          993      0.79%     57.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705          998      0.79%     58.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         1059      0.84%     59.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833          944      0.75%     60.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897          915      0.73%     61.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961          971      0.77%     61.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1040      0.83%     62.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1026      0.82%     63.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         1170      0.93%     64.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         1779      1.41%     65.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         2131      1.69%     67.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         2609      2.07%     69.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         2099      1.67%     71.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        34754     27.61%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          890      0.71%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           81      0.06%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           18      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           20      0.02%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           19      0.02%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           13      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           12      0.01%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           16      0.01%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           12      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            7      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            4      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            5      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            3      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            4      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            4      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            3      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            6      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            1      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            2      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            3      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            3      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            2      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            2      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            2      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            4      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            2      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            5      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          207      0.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       125869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  10093116500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             23515301500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3329685000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               10092500000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15156.26                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  15155.34                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35311.60                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        93.66                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        88.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                93.66                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                88.45                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       1.45                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   607341                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  561616                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     351445.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    182104916                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            628908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            660734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           660734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1960790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1960790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     82870336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            82870336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               82870336                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          3163056500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3156167500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       432203450                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    335017290                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      6661710                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    257892963                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       249131144                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     96.602537                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        36143523                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       292683                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            340848831                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             322660                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     6                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        341171491                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           208979339                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            185052                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       209164391                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            549828170                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             507712                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     6                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        550335882                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           262489465                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses            227556                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       262717021                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  136                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                910138375                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    268170046                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2232173593                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           432203450                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    285274667                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             438214286                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        23158135                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      168597710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        17016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1131430                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          186                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         262489465                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       2400876                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    891856115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.502840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.027300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        453641829     50.86%     50.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         34089556      3.82%     54.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         46974272      5.27%     59.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         49921120      5.60%     65.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         41316673      4.63%     70.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         70627424      7.92%     78.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         29325917      3.29%     81.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67661773      7.59%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         98297551     11.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    891856115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.474877                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.452565                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        293529179                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     149043609                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         409583337                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      24969601                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       14730388                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     51801141                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred       1054853                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2208339188                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       2379683                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       14730388                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        308287029                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        26439510                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     75376776                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         420627996                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      46394415                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2187559247                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          1475                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       22957600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      14114515                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1518350873                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    2840699194                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2805178590                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     35520604                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1426609402                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         91741450                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3991423                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2923757                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          98893222                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    346226148                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    214034939                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     23749861                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     11144879                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2085341689                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5749839                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2065924099                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1002769                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     88285735                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51748292                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       111507                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    891856115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.316432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.012167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    211049994     23.66%     23.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    169538336     19.01%     42.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    145503895     16.31%     58.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    115620301     12.96%     71.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     96053584     10.77%     82.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     78721861      8.83%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     54854137      6.15%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     12543449      1.41%     99.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      7970558      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    891856115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         3047334     11.94%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult         718708      2.82%     14.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     14.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          1183      0.00%     14.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     14.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     14.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult         7379      0.03%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             1      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     14.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       13435101     52.64%     67.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       8312650     32.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            2      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1495474454     72.39%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      3277786      0.16%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      5812457      0.28%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp          105      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          724      0.00%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult      2673131      0.13%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv           58      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            1      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    347899907     16.84%     89.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    210785474     10.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2065924099                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.269901                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            25522356                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012354                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5015744842                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2157556683                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2029475165                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     34484591                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     21839911                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16109443                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2073896549                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        17549904                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     38449963                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     18220541                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        47418                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        20433                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      8293831                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1710821                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1615115                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       14730388                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        11992475                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2777667                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2150865712                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      7210813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     346226148                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    214034939                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      2893573                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           1522                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           895                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        20433                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3063010                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      3775523                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      6838533                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2053317205                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     341355644                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     12606889                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              59774184                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            550520046                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        408984618                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          209164402                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.256049                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2047715232                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2045584608                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1140564765                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1622600294                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.247553                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.702924                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     93802661                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5638332                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      5666657                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    877125727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.344930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.519602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    256568735     29.25%     29.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    195084067     22.24%     51.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    138861981     15.83%     67.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     45033377      5.13%     72.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     54552189      6.22%     78.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     49798955      5.68%     84.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     38561929      4.40%     88.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     39000718      4.45%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     59663776      6.80%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    877125727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2056798499                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2056798499                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              533746711                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             328005607                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars             2819098                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          399532430                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           15975317                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1966705310                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     33255029                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      59663776                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           2967949192                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4315933816                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  428368                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                18282260                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.455069                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.455069                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.197468                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.197468                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2720215853                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1451248034                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          21610284                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         11432031                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         6677103                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        5638197                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 1910138437                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         402361.436501                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          402361.436501                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            1677.560000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    635883                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  9022.436079                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1220323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    667629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.827846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              905418615250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7183.483808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   154.330401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   103.209303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       1376.566457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        204.846110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.219223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.003150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.042009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.006251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.275343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       191880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       387672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  579552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1097575                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1097575                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        53367                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 53367                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        191880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        441039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   632919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       191880                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       441039                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  632919                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  5207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       660734                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              660734                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       664775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 665941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       664775                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                665941                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     82719250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    286903500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       369622750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47446993250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   47446993250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     82719250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47733896750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      47816616000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     82719250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47733896750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     47816616000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       193046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       391713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              584759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1097575                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1097575                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       714101                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            714101                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       193046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1105814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1298860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       193046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1105814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1298860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.008905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.925267                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.925267                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.601163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.512712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.601163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.512712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70942.753002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70998.144024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70985.740350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71809.522819                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71809.522819                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70942.753002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71804.590651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71803.081654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70942.753002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71804.590651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71803.081654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               628908                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    628908                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             5207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       660734                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         660734                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       664775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            665941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       664775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           665941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69328750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    240542500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    309871250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39862527750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39862527750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69328750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40103070250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40172399000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69328750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40103070250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40172399000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.008905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.925267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.601163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.512712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.601163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.512712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59458.619211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59525.488740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59510.514692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60330.674296                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60330.674296                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59458.619211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60325.779775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60324.261459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59458.619211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60325.779775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60324.261459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   337029719                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             584759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            584759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1097575                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           714101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          714101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       386092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3309203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3695295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12354944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    141016896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          153371840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             153371840                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2295792500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         289850496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1815626000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         1910138128                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 6614734.349283                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  6614734.349283                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      52.818200                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            193024                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1020.227720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1201782484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            194048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           6193.222728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      893720974250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   318.324532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   701.903188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.310864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.685452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    262295684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       262295684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    262295684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        262295684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    262295684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       262295684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        193774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         193774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        193774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1660142993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1660142993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1660142993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1660142993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1660142993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1660142993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    262489458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    262489458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    262489458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    262489458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    262489458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    262489458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8567.418709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8567.418709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8567.418709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8567.418709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8567.418709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8567.418709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1173                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                54                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.722222                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       193046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       193046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1235215752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1235215752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1235215752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1235215752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1235215752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1235215752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6398.556572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6398.556572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6398.556572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6398.556572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6398.556572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6398.556572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         1910138466                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 12733346.949642                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  12733346.949642                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      52.818200                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1105721                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1005.759867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           759349943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1106745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            686.111022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      589266965750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   823.890489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   181.869378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.804581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.177607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    296215158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       296215158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    192231648                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      192231648                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2819093                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      2819093                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2819098                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      2819098                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    488446806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        488446806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    488446806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       488446806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       516182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        516182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10690356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10690356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     11206538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       11206538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     11206538                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      11206538                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4693329750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4693329750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 644474174494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 644474174494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       159750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       159750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 649167504244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 649167504244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 649167504244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 649167504244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    296731340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    296731340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    202922004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    202922004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2819103                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2819103                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2819098                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      2819098                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    499653344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    499653344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    499653344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    499653344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052682                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.052682                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000004                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9092.393284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9092.393284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60285.567150                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60285.567150                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15975                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        15975                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57927.569089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57927.569089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57927.569089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57927.569089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      5120878                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     46223676                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            194673                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets          444009                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.305024                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   104.105268                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1097575                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1097575                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       124478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       124478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9976255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      9976255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10100733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10100733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10100733                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10100733                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       391704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       391704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       714101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       714101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1105805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1105805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1105805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1105805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2894623000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2894623000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  48468793580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48468793580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       132750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       132750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51363416580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51363416580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51363416580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51363416580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003519                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003519                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7389.822417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7389.822417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67873.863193                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67873.863193                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        14750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46448.891604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46448.891604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46448.891604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46448.891604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
